Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Cambridge, MA 02140|Clinical Research IO|None|Clinical Research IO (CRIO) is a fast-moving start-up company in Kendall Square working to transform the clinical research industry with the latest in cloud and tablet technology. We’re looking for a savvy, detail-oriented software developer to help us build our next generation product.  Even in an age of smart-phones, most clinical research today is hand-written on paper and stored in clunky binders. Our system allows doctors and study coordinators to enter that same information into an interactive, easy-to-use tablet and cloud platform. We accelerate clinical research and make it more efficient - life-saving drugs and medical devices can be analyzed, FDA approved and reach those who need it faster.  As a software developer, you will be responsible for developing core features of our product using Java, MySql, HTML5, JQuery, Android, IOS/Swift and other cutting technologies. You'll be working hard for sure, but you'll also learn a tremendous amount and get to experience the joys and challenges of working in a fast-paced and highly entrepreneurial internet company.  If you consider yourself in the top %1, then please send your resume and why you think you would be a good a fit.  Learn more about our company at www.clinicalresearch.io.  To apply for this position, please send a cover page and resume to: jobs@clinicalresearch.io|
Lead Embedded Software Engineer - Medical Devices|Boston, MA|Cambridge Consultants Ltd|None|You can apply to multiple jobs at once using the shortlist tool. You currently have 0 jobs shortlisted. At Cambridge Consultants we get to tackle some of the toughest problems faced by the medical industry. This is an amazing opportunity to lead the software development of safety critical system that have a direct impact on people’s health and well-being. Your talent and depth of experience in leading embedded teams in a safety critical environment is what will behind tomorrows surgical tools and medical devices.  TYPE OF WORK As a consultancy with hundreds of world-class engineers we take on a large variety of technically challenging projects. As an embedded software expert and lead, you will help create the next generation of medical devices ranging from electromechanical drug delivery systems to consumer health care and health monitoring applications, class C implants, and surgical robotics including visualization and navigation systems. Each project is a new opportunity to learn as well as deliver. DAY TO DAY You will: Engage with clients to gather requirements and needs for new projects and work with them to gain an understanding of how we can help them from both a software and a systems perspective. Work with our experienced team of professional Engineers, Designers, Human Factors specialists, Project Managers, and Business Developers to architect systems to solve complex client needs. Lead teams to develop software systems and components including continuous integration/delivery and quality assurance. Facilitate integration of embedded software components into the larger project ecosystem often including cloud, web, mobile, and radio components, beyond the embedded devices themselves. Support Business Development and Project Management activities by supporting the bid process, schedule creation, and team formation. Support the embedded software team’s success through recruiting, mentoring, and technical leadership. Lead and support internal efforts to develop new technology offerings. WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED MUST HAVE: BS In Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering Authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Good communication skills 15+ Years of industry experience Track-record of delivering products in a lead / architect role Technical leadership of focused teams Deep understanding of software development and product development processes and best practices Experience leading software development for medical devices in compliance with IEC 62304 (preferred), or in other regulated environments. Experience with modern team, project, and software management tools Solid/expert level embedded C experience Experience with common embedded operating system techniques including: Bare-metal schedulers, RTOS, Threading and concurrency issues Able to navigate a schematic and use common firmware debugging tools such as: Logic analyser, scope, and DMM, JTAG/SWD BONUS POINTS: Advanced degree (MS or PhD) Previous experience in a consultancy Strong skills in RF connectivity such as Wi-Fi, BLE, and LTE Embedded Linux kernels and drivers, device trees, and build systems  Benefits Choice of medical dental and vision plans Flexible spending accounts 18 vacation days for full time employees Competitive base salary Pay for performance Profit share bonus plan based on company and individual performance 401K with discretionary company match Life Insurance Relocation assistance, if applicable|
Senior / Principal Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|DataKitchen|$130,000 - $180,000 a year|Job description As a member of the DataKitchen product development team, you will get a true startup experience that includes developing product features (of course) on our web-based DataOps product, supporting sales through Proof of Value projects, working with company founders and customers, enhancing the scalability and reliability of the product, and contributing to our continuously improving Agile development process. The successful candidate will have top technical skills, excellent attention to detail and follow-up, and the ability to self-manage. Required Qualifications 5+ years of software development experience with a record of delivering successful products Python or comparable programming language Server side development: implementing services and distributed back ends Ability to write well tested code An Agile mindset Qualifications that are a plus Cloud platform experience (e.g. AWS) Docker experience Mesos or Kubernetes usage About DataKitchen DataKitchen enables analytic teams to deliver value quickly, with high quality, using the tools that they love. DataKitchen provides the world’s first DataOps platform for data-driven enterprises, enabling them to support data analytics that can be quickly and robustly adapted to meet evolving requirements. DataKitchen is leading the DataOps movement to incorporate Agile Software Development, DevOps, and manufacturing based statistical process control into analytics and data management. We offer competitive pay, stock options, health and dental insurance, 401(k) with company match, incentive stock options, open time off policy, an experienced team, amazing customers, and a cool office location with a well-stocked kitchen. Visa sponsorship and relocation is available for the right candidate already in the United States. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $130,000.00 to $180,000.00 /year Education: Master's (Required)|
Boston E-commerce Software Engineers, UX, and Product Manage...|Boston, MA|The Bivium Group|$110,000 - $165,000 a year|PLEASE note - Local candidates only, and must be currently work authorized. *** Ground floor, amazing e-commerce opportunity - build all new e-commerce for a Billion+ dollar bricks and mortar B2B company that has zero online presence. The best of a stable parent company with a skunkworks/innovation lab in Boston, operate just like an independent company fully paid commuter benefits, beer on tap, ping pong. VERY deep pockets. Multi-billion dollar business. Think about Toast, Wayfair, TripAdvisor, Chewy same volume of sales (billions), and no digital/e-commerce presence yet. Incredible opportunity to own the build-out of a brand new e-commerce/digital presence in a Lab/skunkworks environment, with freedom to pursue all new tech, and ideas.Have to be able to be accountable and build something amazing, new from the ground up. Livesite code ! Multiple roles here: Full stack Engineer 140k target, could get up to 160k UX Engineer 105-140k 2 Product Managers 125k-150k Here's the tech stack: OOP/Languages: Java (JVM optimization), Python, Ruby Web Services: SOAP, REST services, XML/XSL/XSD, GraphQL Server Web Development: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS Middleware: Tomcat, Apache HTTP Server, Nginx, or other major app server(s) Databases: MongoDB or MySQL Development Tools: Apache Maven, GitHub NoSQL/Caching: Cassandra, Redis, Memcached Requirements 5+ years in enterprise scale systems engineering or support role Experience managing environment of highly scalable, maintainable, high-availability web apps Creative problem solving and troubleshooting skills; Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment with frequent production releases Degree in Computer Science, a related field, or industry experience Are you interested in playing a critical role in a brand new e-commerce skunkworks opportunity? Please send a resume to scott at biviumgroup dot com - subject line "E-commerce Boston" About Me - The Bivium Group: Scott Dunlop on LinkedIn I am the recruiter people work with who don't work with recruiters! For over 20 years I've been Boston's leading software engineer/software developer Recruiter (with nearly 100 public LinkedIn recommendations) - I'm exclusively focused on the Software Engineering market in Boston I m always looking to expand & build strong, long-term relationships with exceptional clients and talent. Python OOP Software Engineering RESTful Electronic commerce XML JavaScript MySQL Web services Ruby Apache Tomcat Computer science Memcached SOAP HTML Web development CSS Node.js NoSQL Web applications XSL XSD UX GitHub Nginx Caching Java Redis JVM Software development GraphQL MongoDB Product management React.js Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $165,000.00 /year Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Parental leave Professional development assistance Tuition reimbursement|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Mathis Laboratory (Harvard University / EPFL)|$50,000 - $60,000 a year|The Mathis Lab has an opening for a software engineer to support the open source project www.deeplabcut.org. You will be joining a dynamic research team that focuses on neuroscience and AI, and aims to provide open source tools for the broader community. DeepLabCut is the state-of-the-art animal pose estimation toolkit, which has been rapidly adopted in the past year by >500 research labs. We will keep pushing the science and accessibility of this project! Position starts Dec 1st, 2019, and currently is funded for 1 year with the possibility of renewal. Job responsibilities include: Weekly meeting with design team Implementing updates and maintaining code Building modules for DeepLabCut to interface with other open source tools for behavioral analysis and neurophysiology, etc! Interacting with and supporting the community (GitHub, Image Forum, Hackathons) Key qualifications: Proficient in TensorFlow, Python3, PyTorch Experienced building GUIs and web interfaces (e.g Django/Flask, PyQt, wxPython) Expertise in package management (pypi, conda), integration, and system testing team player & service mindset Perks: Employee of Harvard University Opportunity to be embedded in a neuroscience laboratory (check out www.mackenziemathislab.org) Opportunity to publish machine learning & neuroscience papers Cambridge, MA is a tech hub! We are located in Kendall Square Positive, team-oriented environment! Support open source science (put your awesome skills to work for good!) The lab is currently in Cambridge, MA, but relocating to EPFL (Geneva, CH) summer 2020. If you are interested in spending ~6 months at Harvard, then moving with us, this is a great opportunity to join our team! Other arrangements are also possible, so please get in touch! Please email us with your cover letter, CV, etc Application deadline: Nov 15th, 2019 We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions or any other characteristic protected by law. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Paid time off Flexible schedule Parental leave Relocation assistance Relocation Assistance Provided: No|
Software Engineer II|Methuen, MA 01844|ULVAC Technologies, Inc.|$75,000 - $90,000 a year|Responsible to design, modify, develop, writeand implement software programming applications. Will support and/orinstall software applications/operating systems; and participate in the testingprocess through test review and analysis. B.S. degree in Computer Scienceor Software Engineering and 6-9 years’ related experience and/or training inthe areas of developing software in C# .NET, as well as experience with SQL andSQL Server. Technical writing experience, a plus. Additional Desired Skills: WPF framework,PLC programming, OPC, SECS/GEM, Software QA experience, Python and otherscripting language, XML and Wonderware/Intouch. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $75,000.00 to $90,000.00 /year Experience: Software Engineering: 6 years (Preferred) Computer Science: 6 years (Preferred) Additional Compensation: Bonuses Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Parental leave Professional development assistance Tuition reimbursement|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02110 (Central area)|Houghton Mifflin Harcourt|None|Job Requisition ID: 15962 Additional Locations: HMH Software Engineering HMH Software Engineering provides cutting edge, individualized learning experiences to millions of students across the United States. We are as driven by this mission as we are by continuously improving ourselves and the way we work. Our offices are high energy, collaborative bee hives of activity where work is centered on small, autonomous teams that build great software. We trust each other, hold ourselves and our teammates accountable for results, and improve student outcomes with each release. At HMH we constantly experiment with new approaches and novel ways of solving problems. We often succeed and sometimes stumble — either way we learn and move forward with more confidence than we had the day before. We are as passionate about new technologies and engineering craftsmanship as we are about transforming the EdTech industry itself. We’re not just looking for hands on a keyboard to pound out code, we’re looking for talented teammates and colleagues who contribute as much as they receive and thrive working with us. If this sounds like you let’s talk.  The Opportunity - Software Engineer II Software Engineers personify the notion of constant improvement as they work with their team to build software that delivers on our mission to improve student outcomes. You’re not afraid to try new things even if they don’t work out as expected. You are independent, self-directed, high energy and as eager to contribute to your team as you are to progress on your own path to software craftsmanship. You’ll thrive working a fast-paced, low friction environment where you’ll be exposed to a wide range of cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities: Work collaboratively as part of a software development team producing the code that matters to the students and teachers who use HMH products and services. Eagerly learn and apply new cutting-edge technologies like functional programming, distributed computing, machine learning, advance data engineering, and server-less computing. Take responsibility for critical components of our solutions. Contribute to our engineering culture and ever-improving concept of engineering best practices   Successful Candidates must demonstrate an appropriate combination of: 2 — 5 years experience as a Software Engineer Logical and systematic problem solving skills Ability to work collaboratively and effectively in small team and cross-functional environments Experience and knowledge working with technologies and concepts such: Behavior-driven or test-driven development JVM-based languages such as Java Development frameworks such as Spring Boot Database technologies such as SQL, Aurora, Redshift, Liquibase or Flyway Unit-testing frameworks such as jUnit Performance testing frameworks such as Gatling Architectural concepts such as micro-services and separation of concerns Knowledge of class-based, object-oriented programming and design patterns Development tools such as GitHub, Jira, Jenkins and Maven Cloud technologies such as AWS and Azure  Required Education: High School/GED Graduate Physical Requirements Might be in a stationary position for a considerable time (sitting and/or standing). The person in this position needs to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc. Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine, and computer printer. Must be able to collaborate with colleagues via face to face, conference calls, and online meetings.  Benefits & Packages. Competitive base salary and overall compensation package Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision 401 (K) with generous company match Generous Paid time off (PTO) Vacation, sick, and paid holidays Life Insurance coverage. Respect for your work-life balance Weekly lunches and unlimited fruits, snacks and drinks Discounted Gym memberships. Brand new state of the art office in Boston, centrally located near south Station  ABOUT US: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (NASDAQ:HMHC) is a global learning company dedicated to changing people’s lives by fostering passionate, curious learners. As a leading provider of pre-K–12 education content, services, and cutting-edge technology solutions across a variety of media, HMH enables learning in a changing landscape. HMH is uniquely positioned to create engaging and effective educational content and experiences from early childhood to beyond the classroom. HMH serves more than 50 million students in over 150 countries worldwide, while its award-winning children's books, novels, non-fiction, and reference titles are enjoyed by readers throughout the world.  For more information, visit http://careers.hmhco.com PLEASE NOTE: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is an equal employment opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.   Nearest Major Market: Boston Job Segment: Publishing, Education|
Junior Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02109 (Central area)|Humana|None|Description The Junior Software Engineer works as part of a balanced team of product managers, designers, and other engineers to deliver software products on behalf of the company. This role will be constantly learning from other team members through the pair programming process. Responsibilities Who We Are: Digital Health Solutions: We are focused on delivering the next generation of digital health solutions that help our users live their healthiest lives. These solutions are delivered across many modalities: web, mobile, digital assistant, and others. Pair Programming: 2 Engineers, 2 Screens, 2 Keyboards, 2 Mice, and 1 Computer. We practice this intense collaboration 8 hours a day because it delivers remarkable results. This also lets us short circuit a formal code review since we’re reviewing code 8 hours a day, every day. Test Driven Development: Writing tests before writing your implementation forces our engineers to understand the problem they are trying to solve at a deeper level. If we can’t describe the outcomes we’re hoping to achieve, we immediately collaborate with product or design to mature our understanding so we can get back to delivering value for our users. High Bandwidth Communication: We believe that face to face communication is the most natural, rapid, and clear way to exchange information. Tools like email and instant messaging are not where we invest our time. What You Need: Required Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent Experience in delivering full stack applications Strong communication skills and interest in a pair-programming environment Passion for growing your skills, taking on interesting work, and delivering solutions to challenging problems Preferred Qualifications Experience working directly with clients Experience in CI/CD pipelines Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) Experience with agile methodologies Scheduled Weekly Hours 40|
Entry level Software Developer|Boston, MA|Atlantictranstrading|$65,000 - $75,000 a year|AtlanticTransTrading is hiring entry level Software Developers to join our team who are passionate about coding, designing, building products and play a vital role to identify solutions. Responsibilities: · Responsible for the design, development and support of the application used agile methodology. · Involve in the Requirement Analysis, Design, Development and Production phase of the application. · Develop and execute Unit Tests and develop detailed software designs from requirements, working with other team members. · Involve in preparing detailed and low level coding standards to facilitate the development. Requirements: · Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science/Engineering or Information Technology. · Strong Knowledge on Application Development using SDLC using methodologies like Waterfall and Agile. · Good programming and debugging skills using Java, C++, C# or Python. · Flexible and willing to accept a change in priorities as necessary, problem-solving and analytical skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $65,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year|
Software Engineer University Grad|Boston, MA|ViaSat|None|Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we're on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We're the company behind the world's fastest satellite internet service, with technology that's helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide.  We're growing rapidly and looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world's first truly global Internet Service Provider. Interested in joining our mission? Take a look at career opportunities at Viasat today.  Job Responsibilities  Flexibility to work among different project teams dedicated to: Data analytics & cloud application engineering Web & mobile application engineering Distributed enterprise software applications System infrastructure development; scripting, automation, data visualization & dashboarding Cybersecurity software & systems engineering  Requirements Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and/or a related field Exposure or desire to work with any of the following; C/C++, R, Java, Python, JavaScript, Hadoop, MapReduce, SQL, Postrgres, and many more Experience with Cloud Technology and Full Stack Ability to travel up to 10% Preferences Previous internship experience is a plus|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of relevant work experience in software development. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python.  Preferred qualifications: MS or PhD degree in engineering, computer science, or other technical related field; or equivalent practical experience Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Entry Level Software Engineer|Dedham, MA|General Dynamics Mission Systems|None|Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in software engineering or a related technical field, or equivalent experience is required. Agile experience preferred.  Candidates must be able to obtain a Secret Security Clearance. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. Responsibilities for this Position General Dynamics Mission Systems has an immediate opening for an Entry Level Software Engineer. This position provides an opportunity to further advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation’s core defense/intelligence services and systems. General Dynamics Mission Systems employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions.  REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS: Assists and participates in the research, design, development and testing of software and tools, to include development of new work products or enhancing existing applications, systems or embedded products Codes, tests, integrates and documents software solutions Participates in internal review of software components and systems Receives detailed instructions from immediate supervisor Generally works within an identified work group Collaborates with project leaders and other professionals within the Engineering department Builds stable working relationships internally Works on problems with defined scope, schedule and expectations Follows standard practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained Travel may be required Security clearance may be required  KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Working knowledge of software engineering concepts, principles, and theories Working knowledge of the software development process Good ability to grasp and apply new information quickly Good ability to handle ever increasing responsibility and assignments with growing complexity Shows initiative on assignments, and professionally executes projects with little direction Good ability to be a team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success, meeting and exceeding personal and team commitments Working knowledge of software tools supporting Integrated Development Environments (IDE), version control, defect reporting and scripting Ability to be creative, innovative and responsible, and able to master good decision-making skills Learns to use professional concepts Ability to learn and apply company policies and procedures to resolve routine issues Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications Good written and verbal communications skills Good ability to recognize and clearly report relevant information Good ability to use the appropriate standards, processes, procedures, and tools throughout the software development life cycle to support the generation of technical engineering products Company Overview General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!|
Front End Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of work experience in software development. Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go. Experience in working with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.  Preferred qualifications: 3 years of relevant work experience, including web application experience or skills using AJAX, HTML, CSS or JavaScript. Knowledge of user interface design. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, mobile application development, user interface design, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Build next-generation web applications with a focus on the client side. Redesign UI's, Implement new UI's, and pick up Java as necessary. Engage with back-end systems. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|Equity Trading Technology, which has responsibility for the product lifecycle across the portfolio of trading applications, is seeking a Software Engineer to support our work on an extensive range of equity trading products. We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. The role involves working in an agile team, in a highly collaborative and engaging environment and being adaptable to shifting priorities. The Team Asset Management Technology (AMT) provides worldwide technology and support to all the Investment Management, Research, Trading and Investment Operations functions. AMT is an integral partner for Asset Management to deliver innovative, scalable, industry-leading investment tools that enable Asset Management to achieve competitive advantage globally. Your role as a Software Engineer on the Equity Trading engineering team is to produce high-quality, testable and optimally deployed code for complex trading products and components. We want you to be motivated by having the autonomy to build and design great solutions amongst a high performing engineering team that will support your growth and development. We advocate for leaders at all levels and this role will be a phenomenal fit for those who demonstrate curiosity to learn. We want engineers who are brave to break things, who step up and take lead/ownership of their projects, and those that thrive on sharing knowledge. The Expertise You Have Bachelor's degree (or above) in either Engineering or Computer Science related field 2+ years’ experience as software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices 2+ years of Object Oriented development experience Exposure code in more than one programming language. Our programming stack comprises of Java, WPF, C#, Scala, JavaScript, TypeScript and PL/SQL. Our engineers work across all of them, sometimes simultaneously in a full stack mode. Knowledge of micro services and event based architectures utilizing frameworks such as Kafka. Exposure to Continuous Integration & Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) practices Exposure to test automation frameworks that support all types of testing (unit, component, integration, system etc.) executed through CI/CD pipelines. The Skills You Bring You are a strong contributor with a collaborative work style in building, designing and reviewing code. You have proven software engineering experience in any of the following Java, WPF, C#, Scala, JavaScript, TypeScript and PL/SQL. You have a testing methodology. You demonstrate a test-driven approach to developing software and can build or contribute to automated testing frameworks that can detect any anomalies in functionality, performance and integration. You have an awareness of functional programming, emerging and new technologies such as Scala / Akka / Camel and messaging frameworks such as Kafka and EMS. You have knowledge of the SCRUM / Agile development practices You have proven experience in some of the following technologies continuous integration/delivery frameworks such as Cloudbees Jenkins, uDeploy and/or Pivotal Concourse. You are able to work successfully in an environment that encourages autonomy in the work that you do. You understand best engineering practices, advocate for their adaption and continuously improve on them. You are able to clearly document design options and decisions, and present these in an organized manner to technical as well as non-technical audiences You are motivated, are a good communicator, can take initiative to tackle problems, and can make decisions based on the value of the solutions we build The Value You Deliver Shaping how our products are developed and deployed in an optimized automated CI/CD pipeline ensuring high quality Actively innovating and creatively experimenting so that we may better support business needs Collaborating and actively engaging with all team members Bringing curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task Bringing a real passion for engineering and best engineering practice  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associate for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
New Graduate - Associate Software Engineer|Boston, MA|VMware|None|Our Engineering team is moving at lightning speed on the breaking edge of technology. You’ll be pulling things apart and tinkering, building new platforms, or playing in the cloud. Here, the engineering opportunities are endless. With this fast-paced, synergetic group, you’ll be working together and across the organization to ensure customer success all while continuing to build a product that protects their dearest assets. What You’ll Do Deliver high quality code along with the rest of the dev team Analyze performance of services and optimize / refactor as needed Investigate functional problems, finding and fixing defects as needed Independently schedule and manage work items (defects, user stories, features, etc.) Design proof of concepts or working prototype for software services Ensure that software designs follow best-practices and architectural guidelines What You’ll Bring B.S. in Computer Science or similar major, graduating from an undergraduate program in May 2020 Intern experience in designing and delivering software products Strong level of expertise programming in C# / C++ / Java / Python or equivalent language Demonstrated aptitude in quickly mastering new languages and technologies Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills  VMware Company Overview: VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.|
Robotics Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|BOEING|None|Job Brief Aurora Flight Sciences is a world-leader in developing robot hardware and software for new aerospace applications. Click to apply and find out more! The Autonomy Research Division was formed to address a growing research area at Aurora. Specifically, ARD applies select disciplines to the development of advanced autonomous systems, supporting levels of autonomy ranging from unmanned aircraft to optionally-piloted aircraft and human-automation teaming within the flight deck. Aurora Flight Sciences is a world-leader in developing robot hardware and software for new aerospace applications. We develop and apply state-of-the-art technologies in sensing, actuation, planning, design, and system verification & validation to bring innovative robot prototypes to life. Minimum Requirements 2 – 5 years experience Must be a US Person (citizen or permanent resident) Candidates must demonstrate interest and ability to design and build robots Candidates must demonstrate the following skills: Object oriented software design and implementation Electromechanical system design and integration Software version control (e.g., git) Candidates must demonstrate working knowledge or interest in a majority of the following: Acceptance testing of physical robot hardware Communication protocols Dynamic simulation Embedded systems CNC machining Low-level motor control Machine vision Math Power electronics Rapid prototyping Real-time computation Real-time control of multi-DOF robots Tactile sensing Trajectory planning Candidates should have a zeal for working on high-functioning and diverse teams and for making real systems work. Physical Requirements Some travel required Shift Requirements Occasionally required to work non-business hours to support experiments and travel to customer sites|
Software Engineer (Life Sciences)|Cambridge, MA|Scilligence Corporation|None|Job Overview: We are looking for a software engineer to join our Cambridge team in Massachusetts. The primary role of this position is to work with our R&D team to design and develop cheminformatics and bioinformatics software applications. Responsibilities: Develop scientific web applications Communicate with customers to confirm that implementation meets their expectations Work with the support team to solve issues Help sales team to understand customer needs and propose solutions Basic Qualifications: 2+ years of experience in enterprise software development 2+ years of professional experience working with ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server 2+ years of experience in JavaScript development Experience with JavaScript Frameworks (JQuery, Dojo) Experience in Web Services (SOAP or REST) Strong verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated and ambitious BSc, MSc or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Chemistry, Biology, Pharmaceuticals or related technical field Job Type: Full-time Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) c#: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Javascript Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
C# Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Principal Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02101|Liberty Mutual Insurance|None|Principal Full Stack Developer - Direct Service & Claims  We are looking for a Principal Software Engineer (full stack) to join our Direct Service & Claims portfolio in our Digital organization. Our group strives to build engaging digital services and capabilities for our U.S. users. You will lead a team of amazing engineers that are bringing new digital experiences to our U.S. users, by engineering and implementing new product features. Following a customer journey, you will implement full-stack JavaScript features across new ReactJS clients and NodeJS-based microservices across our cloud platforms in AWS and Azure. In this role, you'll also collaborate closely with other platform and feature teams based in Boston, NH Seacoast, Seattle, Indianapolis, and Belfast, Ireland.  You will take on building complex business logic and orchestrating the generation of new microservices that bring performance, security, and value to Liberty Mutual and our platform users. You will keep an eye on quality engineering practices, implementation, and be the mentor and champion for your team. Your work will positively and directly impact our customers' online experience.  Most importantly, you'll be engaged in meaningful work for a company that is committed to "helping people live safer, more secure lives," every day. What you’ll do: Be a technical leader for your team Collaborate with a product owner and an autonomous team of engineers to find comprehensive solutions Create libraries and tools which allow for scaling a large and distributed client development team Become a developer advocate improving technical communications with developers at Liberty Mutual and foster a deeper understanding to their problems and needs Facilitate collaboration between engineers, product owners, and designers Possess a deep understanding of the product and business goals which you can translate into technology decisions Mentor other engineers on your team Who you are: You are knowledgeable of programming in a full-stack JavaScript environment including experience with ReactJS and NodeJS You know how to write readable, maintainable, and performant code You have a deep knowledge of software engineering best practices You have a good understanding of functional reactive programming You have a great ability to learn, and you are eager to expand your areas of expertise You have a passion for supporting and enabling others to become more productive You have at least 5-7 years of professional experience You have extensive experience working hands-on as a Software Engineer in an agile environment You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high-quality code You have experience in identifying, debugging and resolving complex production issues Benefits & Culture:  At Liberty Mutual's Boston Tech Hub we embrace all of the values of our Fortune 100 company and push our practices and technology skill sets to the next level. In our Digital organization, we are an Agile set of teams dedicated to helping impact the lives of thousands of customers every day. We embrace a modern co-working style with exceptional work/life balance, ergonomic work areas, substantial benefits, and best-in-class amenities; we are headquartered at our new WeWork space on Boylston Street in Back Bay. Liberty Mutual is one of America's Best Employers for Diversity and one of the Best Employers for Women http://bit.ly/LibertyMutual-BestPlacesToWorkforWomen one of the Best Employers for New Grads http://bit.ly/LibertyMutual-BestPlacesforNewGrads and one of the Best Places to Work http://bit.ly/LibertyMutual-BestPlacestoWork . We offer excellent benefits for our employees including generous parental leave, retirement plans including 401k and pension, education reimbursement, commuter benefits, college savings plans, and much more.  To learn more about our benefit offerings and culture please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefitshttp://bit.ly/LibertyMutual-Culture|
Java Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Principal Embedded Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Cambridge Consultants Ltd|None|You can apply to multiple jobs at once using the shortlist tool. You currently have 0 jobs shortlisted. Make the next step. We’re looking for experienced embedded software engineers ready to lead technical development. You’ll work with experts from around the world in state-of-the-art facilities to help architect the next generation of connected devices.  TYPE OF WORK Cambridge Consultants provides consulting services from developing new technologies, strategies, and programs, to complete product development in healthcare, consumer electronics, agriculture, and industry. Recent projects include a global satellite communication service, an automated warehouse system, and a unique injector. DAY TO DAY You will work with our professional program managers, engineers, and business developers to help build teams and architect solutions for a large variety of client projects. Technically lead or support projects providing design and direction. Work with clients to narrow requirements, develop plans, and deliver solutions. Contribute to internal projects to stay ahead of the latest technologies. WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED MUST HAVE: Authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering 8+ Years of experience Experience with product development Desire for technical leadership or architect role on a software product. Software development process experience including CI/CD, source control, and documentation Experience with C on an embedded platform Algorithm development Comfortable with schematics and able to probe signals with logic analysers and scopes. Experience with common low power / low cost microprocessors such as STM32, PIC, MSP430 RTOS and other embedded OS implementations. Threading, concurrency, event/message and interrupt driven systems. BONUS POINTS: Masters or advanced degree Client facing experience such as requirements gathering, scoping, and pre-sales support Sales support experience such as estimating, statements of work, scheduling Embedded Linux experience including kernel drivers, device trees, build systems  ABOUT US For over 60 years, Cambridge Consultants has led the way in innovative product development.We are the development partner of choice to many of the Fortune 500, as well as the virtual development team for ambitious startup companies. With offices in Boston and Seattle, Cambridge (UK), and Singapore we specialize in developing exceptional products in record time for clients around the world. This expertise further allows us to provide insight on a range of technology critical issues and markets  Benefits Choice of medical dental and vision plans Flexible spending accounts 18 vacation days for full time employees Competitive base salary Pay for performance Profit share bonus plan based on company and individual performance 401K with discretionary company match Life Insurance Relocation assistance, if applicable|
Full-Stack Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|EF High School Exchange Year|None|EF High School Exchange Year connects thousands of international exchange students with caring host families across the United States. Together we bring cultures together, open communities to the wider world, and create lifelong friendships that span the globe. EF High School Exchange Year is associated with EF Education First, the world leader in international education.  EF High School Exchange Year is looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer to join our fun, energetic and growing team. We are looking for someone who is excited about learning new technologies and applying the best of what’s out there to constantly improve our systems. Enthusiasm and fantastic communication skills will make you an irresistible candidate ! The challenge How to coordinate thousands of high school aged students from around the world and match them with willing host parents in the US and abroad while finding schools that will accept and teach them. Also, managing the visa process, their parents and the flights necessary to make it all happen. The Journey from Brownfield to Greenfield As a Full Stack Engineer, you will play crucial role in our journey to develop next generation of Progressive web applications and micro-services while migrating legacy systems. You would have a lot of freedom to make decisions about our tech-stack, systems, tools and patterns. We are looking for a passionate candidate who thrives in a collaborative, cooperative environment. The candidate would help fellow engineers by developing software solutions to the complex business problems surrounding the high school exchange process. You will be coordinating with UX experts, internal/external customers and Business Analysts to help solve these problems. As a successful candidate you will demonstrate your mastery of coding and passion for technology. Responsibilities/Requirements: Designing overall architecture of our web and business applications Building applications with Vue, Angular and React Knowledge of IaaS and PaaS Experienced with back-end programming languages (Node.js, .NET, Java) Proactive communicator who can collaborate with other team-members to ensure successful completion of shared tasks Understanding of relational and non-relational databases (SQL, noSQL, Elasticsearch, Postgres) Development experience on mobile, web and progressive web apps Passion for technology and avid follower of the industry Master of source control (Git) Self-starter who can work independently without a lot of supervision Additional Skills (nice to have): Experience with a modern headless CMS Experience with TypeScript Experience with unit testing using frameworks like Jest Experience with GraphQL using frameworks such as Apollo Let’s talk about the Perks: We believe that happy people do great work. What makes us happy? Things like: The opportunity to travel internationally Discounts on travel Three weeks paid vacation for your first year and then four weeks after your first year Free language classes, taught in-house Access to a brand-new fitness center and rock-climbing wall on the EF campus A restaurant and bar located in 2 of our EF campus buildings Market-leading benefits package including top of the line health coverage, 401k with company match, tuition reimbursement, and more EF is the world’s largest international education company – providing life-changing educational experiences to create global citizens. We offer millions of people the opportunity to learn a language, travel abroad, experience another culture or earn an academic degree. Since 1965, EF’s mission has been opening the world through education. Our 52,000 employees have a worldwide presence in over 600 schools and offices within 50 countries. For more information about EF High School Exchange Year, visit https://www.efexchangeyear.org For more information about our career opportunities, visit www.careers.ef.com|
Software Development Engineer I|Cambridge, MA|Audible, Inc.|None|Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field At least 5 years of professional software engineering experience OO development skills designing and building large scale applications and/or Services Understanding of data structures and algorithms Experience working in a fast paced, Agile environment  We are a company that nurtures both its products and its people. We are the largest provider of audiobooks on the planet - a collection of artists, designers, and technologists with a love of innovation and the art of spoken word, and we need more great people! We love our customers and we love our product. We're on a mission to share great stories with the world and we want you to be a part of that journey.  Your team is Whispersync for Voice Ingestion. Whispersync for Voice allows customers to move seamlessly between Audible audiobooks and Kindle e-books, so they can take the story with them, wherever they are. The Ingestion team is responsible for generating sync files that provide the core of the Whispersync for Voice experience. The ingestion pipeline uses AWS, speech to text and alignment software. This technology and feature is a key strategic differentiator for Audible and you will work with a team of skilled engineers to ensure it is scaled, performant, and operating with a high degree of quality.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Provide expertise on system architecture, design, implementation, testing and delivery of complex software Perform the technical design, implementation, and testing of features Participate in internal review of software components and systems Collaborate with your team to estimate the size and complexity of the features Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met Invest in technical growth of self and others in the team Work proactively, independently and with minimal technical direction to determine appropriate approaches to SDLC Builds stable working relationships internally with in the team and with the other Audible teams  Problem solving skills; adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership Ability to think creatively and adapt the message to the audience Experience writing services that scale using HTTP, REST, JSON and XML preferred Experience in Java, but we welcome people experienced in other OO languages who are willing to learn Familiar with Unix/Linux and experience writing optimized, low-latency code Proactive about leading projects, spearheading initiatives, and mentoring less experienced team members Audible is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Mathis Laboratory (Harvard University / EPFL)|$50,000 - $60,000 a year|The Mathis Lab has an opening for a software engineer to support the open source project www.deeplabcut.org. You will be joining a dynamic research team that focuses on neuroscience and AI, and aims to provide open source tools for the broader community. DeepLabCut is the state-of-the-art animal pose estimation toolkit, which has been rapidly adopted in the past year by >500 research labs. We will keep pushing the science and accessibility of this project! Position starts Dec 1st, 2019, and currently is funded for 1 year with the possibility of renewal. Job responsibilities include: Weekly meeting with design team Implementing updates and maintaining code Building modules for DeepLabCut to interface with other open source tools for behavioral analysis and neurophysiology, etc! Interacting with and supporting the community (GitHub, Image Forum, Hackathons) Key qualifications: Proficient in TensorFlow, Python3, PyTorch Experienced building GUIs and web interfaces (e.g Django/Flask, PyQt, wxPython) Expertise in package management (pypi, conda), integration, and system testing team player & service mindset Perks: Employee of Harvard University Opportunity to be embedded in a neuroscience laboratory (check out www.mackenziemathislab.org) Opportunity to publish machine learning & neuroscience papers Cambridge, MA is a tech hub! We are located in Kendall Square Positive, team-oriented environment! Support open source science (put your awesome skills to work for good!) The lab is currently in Cambridge, MA, but relocating to EPFL (Geneva, CH) summer 2020. If you are interested in spending ~6 months at Harvard, then moving with us, this is a great opportunity to join our team! Other arrangements are also possible, so please get in touch! Please email us with your cover letter, CV, etc Application deadline: Nov 15th, 2019 We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions or any other characteristic protected by law. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: Multiple locations Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Paid time off Flexible schedule Parental leave Relocation assistance Relocation Assistance Provided: No|
Software Developer, Virtual Manufacturing Lab (VM-Lab)|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|MIT|None|Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity.  SOFTWARE DEVELOPER, Material Science and Engineering (DMSE)-Virtual Manufacturing Lab (VM-Lab), to participate in the development of interactive simulations for the VM-Lab, a multi-university collaboration developing digital learning tools for massive open online courses (MOOCs) and creating new online education initiatives, including VR interactive simulations, education modules, and online learning curriculum. Will participate in developing interactive simulation software for VM-Lab learning modules. This will include assisting with the architecture of the project, implementing game logic and user interface code, integrating simulation and experimental data, creating assets as needed, designing user interfaces, communicating with content experts, and conducting playtesting. Will also help design and prototype new features, including interacting with subject matter experts in photonics and advanced manufacturing. Job Requirements REQUIRED: bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field; at least three years of relevant programming experience; proficiency with Unity, C#, Adobe Creative Suite, and Blender/Maya; experience with web-based JavaScript software development in order to support integration of educational software with the edX platform; experience using the Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) standard to connect learning applications and tools with platforms like Learning Management Systems (LMS); experience with the full software development including lifecycle, cross-platform development; solid understanding of best practices for software architecture and game design; ability to take on a UI/UX design role in addition to engineering tasks; strong analytical, presentation, interpersonal, and written and oral communication skills; and attention to detail. Must be able to multitask and juggle multiple deadlines; work under pressure and in a fast-paced environment; learn and quickly apply new tools and workflows, seeking out the most appropriate tools/resources; and work both independently and as part of a team. Job #18208-8|
Research Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02139 (Area IV area)|IBM|None|Introduction IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service.  Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Research is the innovation engine of IBM. Nearly every game-changing breakthrough in the information technology industry has its roots in an IBM Research lab. It has been a home for creative scientific minds since 1945, when Thomas J. Watson Sr. established the first corporate pure science research lab in the U.S. We are primed to define the future of technology for many years to come specifically around the world of Artificial Intelligence. We believe AI will transform the world in dramatic ways in the coming years – and our Research AI group is advancing the field through our portfolio of research and through collaboration with like-minded institutions including MIT (MIT-IBM Watson Lab) to push the boundaries of AI faster – for the benefit of industry and society. If you're interested in working with some of the world's most talented researchers to advance AI, we may have an opportunity for you!  We’re looking for a Research Software Engineer to join our AI Interaction team in Cambridge located at Kendall Square – one of the hottest technology hubs in the world. You are passionate about coding and building applications and systems that solve real-world problems. Our ambitious AI research agenda is both broad and deep, with leading edge projects in many areas such as conversational systems, process automation, data visualization, trusted or automated AI. You will interact with the brightest minds in AI and will help transform AI research ideas into scalable, robust systems. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you to do the same to us. Your proactive approach to creative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company.  Your responsibilities include: Design, build and deploy full-stack web applications and intelligent systems (your focus can be also more on frontend technologies with backend experience or vice-versa) Apply software engineering skills, design skills, and creative thinking to build cutting edge AI systems Identify and refine project requirements, solutions to potentially abstract AI challenges, and well-defined performance metrics Design and develop software as scalable architectures, components, API's and systems Translate project requirements into executable roadmaps for creating and measuring technical capability Work in high intensity, joint teams of software engineers and research scientists  081583  Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 3 years of experience coding and debugging in one or more general purpose programming languages including, but not limited to: Python, Java, Javascript, C/C++ Experience in building full-stack web applications Basic understanding of design patterns Basic understanding of software engineering Ability to transfer project requirements into robust software components and architectures  Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Experience in creating user applications with JQuery, React, or Angular Experience in HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in using Flask or Node.js Experience in backend storage technologies such as SQL and Non-SQL databases (Postgres, MongoDB etc.) Experience in web application development frameworks Experience with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks Experience analyzing large scale data from a variety of sources Design, validation, and characterization of algorithms and/or systems Experience with machine learning tools and frameworks including but not limited to: TensorFlow, PyTorch, Torch, Caffe, etc.  About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few.  Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?  Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world. What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.  Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.  About IBM IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.  Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.  Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02110 (Central area)|Houghton Mifflin Harcourt|None|Job Requisition ID: 15962 Additional Locations: HMH Software Engineering HMH Software Engineering provides cutting edge, individualized learning experiences to millions of students across the United States. We are as driven by this mission as we are by continuously improving ourselves and the way we work. Our offices are high energy, collaborative bee hives of activity where work is centered on small, autonomous teams that build great software. We trust each other, hold ourselves and our teammates accountable for results, and improve student outcomes with each release. At HMH we constantly experiment with new approaches and novel ways of solving problems. We often succeed and sometimes stumble — either way we learn and move forward with more confidence than we had the day before. We are as passionate about new technologies and engineering craftsmanship as we are about transforming the EdTech industry itself. We’re not just looking for hands on a keyboard to pound out code, we’re looking for talented teammates and colleagues who contribute as much as they receive and thrive working with us. If this sounds like you let’s talk.  The Opportunity - Software Engineer II Software Engineers personify the notion of constant improvement as they work with their team to build software that delivers on our mission to improve student outcomes. You’re not afraid to try new things even if they don’t work out as expected. You are independent, self-directed, high energy and as eager to contribute to your team as you are to progress on your own path to software craftsmanship. You’ll thrive working a fast-paced, low friction environment where you’ll be exposed to a wide range of cutting edge technologies. Responsibilities: Work collaboratively as part of a software development team producing the code that matters to the students and teachers who use HMH products and services. Eagerly learn and apply new cutting-edge technologies like functional programming, distributed computing, machine learning, advance data engineering, and server-less computing. Take responsibility for critical components of our solutions. Contribute to our engineering culture and ever-improving concept of engineering best practices   Successful Candidates must demonstrate an appropriate combination of: 2 — 5 years experience as a Software Engineer Logical and systematic problem solving skills Ability to work collaboratively and effectively in small team and cross-functional environments Experience and knowledge working with technologies and concepts such: Behavior-driven or test-driven development JVM-based languages such as Java Development frameworks such as Spring Boot Database technologies such as SQL, Aurora, Redshift, Liquibase or Flyway Unit-testing frameworks such as jUnit Performance testing frameworks such as Gatling Architectural concepts such as micro-services and separation of concerns Knowledge of class-based, object-oriented programming and design patterns Development tools such as GitHub, Jira, Jenkins and Maven Cloud technologies such as AWS and Azure  Required Education: High School/GED Graduate Physical Requirements Might be in a stationary position for a considerable time (sitting and/or standing). The person in this position needs to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc. Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine, and computer printer. Must be able to collaborate with colleagues via face to face, conference calls, and online meetings.  Benefits & Packages. Competitive base salary and overall compensation package Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision 401 (K) with generous company match Generous Paid time off (PTO) Vacation, sick, and paid holidays Life Insurance coverage. Respect for your work-life balance Weekly lunches and unlimited fruits, snacks and drinks Discounted Gym memberships. Brand new state of the art office in Boston, centrally located near south Station  ABOUT US: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (NASDAQ:HMHC) is a global learning company dedicated to changing people’s lives by fostering passionate, curious learners. As a leading provider of pre-K–12 education content, services, and cutting-edge technology solutions across a variety of media, HMH enables learning in a changing landscape. HMH is uniquely positioned to create engaging and effective educational content and experiences from early childhood to beyond the classroom. HMH serves more than 50 million students in over 150 countries worldwide, while its award-winning children's books, novels, non-fiction, and reference titles are enjoyed by readers throughout the world.  For more information, visit http://careers.hmhco.com PLEASE NOTE: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is an equal employment opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.   Nearest Major Market: Boston Job Segment: Publishing, Education|
Software Engineer 2|Boston, MA 02109 (Central area)|Humana|None|Description The Software Engineer at Humana Edge will have the chance to influence the decisions of a brand new organization. We’re a small but capable team. Software Engineers within the Edge team are trusted to own major parts of the codebase and we expect you to thrive as a leader in defining and solving problems, with support from your peers.  Software Engineers at the Edge will help develop cloud native solutions, leveraging Google Cloud Platform APIs and Services and are able to code in languages and frameworks that fit into that ecosystem – Python, Golang, Node, .Net Core (C#), and Java. In addition, our cloud native automation infrastructure allows you to quickly deploy and iterate on your code. Responsibilities We believe that both a high-quality team and high-quality code are critical pieces of our mission. You'll be responsible for end-to-end development of our customer facing experience and features, including the APIs and data that power it. You'll design data models, build APIs, figure out the scaling strategy for your components, and implement the UX details that separate how members used to think about the healthcare industry versus how they will. Working closely with our product and design team, you will focus on improving user experience with both large new features and iterate through smaller enhancements across a variety of channels – web, mobile, voice, and IOT devices. Lastly, you will work with the analytics team to build a feedback loop to constantly improve on what we’ve already built. Required Qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science or related field At least one year of experience working on any major cloud provider Proven work experience as a Software Engineer or Software Developer 3+ years of Software Development experience in at least one of the following languages: Python, Java, C# .Net Core, or Golang Experience in at least one popular web framework (Vue.js, Angular, React) Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude Strong communication skills with ability to interact with business and customer representatives Passion for growing your skills, tackling interesting work and challenging problems Experience working within an environment with a “startup” culture using agile, lean, DevOps, and DataOps delivery practices and methodologies. Role Essentials: Have experience with TDD and writing solid test cases Experience working in large, high-quality codebases Comfortable running and maintaining containers and using tools such as Docker, Kubernetes, or Mesos in Production Shipping pragmatic, sustainable code bases with speed In-depth knowledge of public cloud computing architectures and services. Proficient in the use of cloud native technologies, cloud cybersecurity, and implementation patterns to lower costs, improve speed to market, increase efficiency, and enable innovation. Experience leveraging modern technologies to increase velocity and decrease cost of solution delivery; including cloud technologies, microservices architecture, and streaming analytics. Building collaborative relationships with team members, fostering a productive team environment, and coaching staff with timely meaningful feedback Role Desirables: Cloud certification on any major cloud provider Proficiency in designing, building, and testing complex scalable systems Have in-depth experience building and managing a large-scale microservice infrastructure application or system Experience supporting live production infrastructure, can put out fires under pressure when things go wrong An appetite for data: analyzing metrics and designing A/B tests to help drive the company’s decisions Scheduled Weekly Hours 40|
Software Engineer|Somerville, MA|Snap Home Sleep Tests|$100,000 - $109,000 a year|We're looking for experienced software engineers with strong C++ programming skills to help us continue developing our software, tools and frameworks. This individual will be working alongside team members who together are changing the face of health care. The Software Engineer will be responsible for the development of code used in medical devices that is compliance to regulatory guidance. Responsibilities Work collaboratively with researchers and application development engineers in all software development phases Design and code medical-grade software Create documentation adhering to quality procedures, and regulations. Contribute to product requirement development and risk management Work effectively in cross-functional teams Keep abreast of relevant and new technologies in the medical device field Report progress regularly to Senior Software Engineer Contribute to patent analysis and invention creations Minimum Qualifications Education Required: Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline Experience Required: 3 years in a software engineering role. Direct experience of software architecture design and development is preferred Strong understanding of modern programming languages. Proficiency in C/C++ is require Developing for MS Windows Developing medical or other safety-critical products Designing complex hardware control systems using UML or SysML (Rational or Enterprise Architect) Knowledge and experience in image processing; experience using toolkits such as IPP GUI development OpenGL, GPU/CUDA, OpenCV coding Prototyping with MATLAB, Simulink, LabVIEW Intellectual property development Requirements analysis and risk management processes, e.g. hazard analysis and dFMEA Job Type: Full-time Salary: $100,000.00 to $109,000.00 /year Experience: Software Engineering: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Application Question: What is the best contact email and phone number for you. Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: No: Not providing sponsorship for this job This Job Is: A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of relevant work experience in software development. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python.  Preferred qualifications: MS or PhD degree in engineering, computer science, or other technical related field; or equivalent practical experience Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|PhAST|$80,000 - $120,000 a year|PhAST is a Boston-based, venture-backed AI healthcare company developing computer vision technology for ultra-rapid detection of antibiotic resistance. PhAST was founded in 2017 by an MIT PhD, and an MIT Professor of Engineering, is currently a team of 10, and aims to revolutionize infectious disease diagnostics through microfluidics, computer vision, big data and machine learning. Our platform provides clinical decision support for doctors, improves workflow in hospitals, and accelerates drug discovery for pharmaceutical companies. Job Description PhAST is seeking a talented software engineer to join the founding team and lead the design and development of its software architecture and platform. The software is central to PhAST’s all-in-one platform – a totally new concept in the field with huge impact potential! – and combines control of experimental and imaging workflows, computer vision for feature extraction from video images, analysis of large datasets with machine learning and statistical techniques, and diagnostic decision making. Responsibilities: Develop PhAST’s software platform, from its current prototype, with agile interactions with the rest of the team and ample freedom in optimal design choices, strategy to optimize computational time, and best user experience. Build approaches for near-real-time analysis of gigabytes of image data Interface with the microbiology and data science teams for software design requirements, testing and optimization. Qualifications: Education: BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 1+ years of relevant work experience in software development preferred. Proficiency in C, C++ or C#. PhAST is a rapidly growing, dynamic startup. As PhAST continues to expand and engage with leading hospitals and pharmaceutical companies, this position will have growth opportunities in product development for clinical deployment and computer vision in a challenging biomedical field. The rich interface between the computer science and the data science teams provides additional opportunities for growth, include in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Come do the best work of your life at an exciting, fast-paced startup, in a highly qualified, very interdisciplinary and driven team, in the heart of Cambridge right next to MIT, and be responsible for making a real difference in one of today’s most pressing healthcare concerns – antibiotic resistance. The position is available immediately. Salary and equity compensation will be commensurate with experience. The candidate must be legally eligible to work in the United States. If interested, please email your resume and a cover letter. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year Experience: computer sience: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: No: Not providing sponsorship for this job|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
