Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
Software Engineer, Backend|Boston, MA 02298|Plum Group|None|As a backend software engineer you will have the opportunity to join our application development team in the planning and designing of new products and features, in addition to updating and maintaining our current product lineup (https://www.plumvoice.com/products/). Your role in the application development team will involve designing back-end database architecture as well as PHP model and controller code required to support front-end requirements. Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent 3+ years experience of web application development Solid understanding of web application architecture Working knowledge of relational databases (MySQL, MariaDB, etc.) Working knowledge of PHP Strong programming fundamentals Experience with any of the following are a plus: No-SQL databases (MongoDB, CouchDB, etc.) PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel, etc.) Additional Requirements: Strong problem solving skills Ability to think logically and analytically Exceptional communication and organizational skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented team player Quick to pick up and understand new technologies Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Primary Responsibilities: Working with application development team to build, update, and maintain core applications Collaborating with application development team on new products and features Other duties as assigned Compensation Competitive salary + options + medical benefits + 401K About Us Our Work We create innovative products that help businesses manage their communications technology needs through web, SMS, and IVR (Interactive Voice Response) platforms and services. Our flexible solutions range from standard touch-tone IVR applications to specialized telephony services supporting speech recognition, speech synthesis, and outbound dialing. Our Culture We’ve been around for over a decade, but we’ve kept to our start-up roots. We’re focused on building innovative technology in a youthful, open, collaborative and supportive work environment. We stress team over hierarchy in the workplace and encourage all members of our team to take on new challenges and responsibilities. Our Character We take an intelligent, thoughtful, creative approach to everything we do. As a small, high-growth company, we need people who are smart, self-motivated, independent and hard-working with the ability to adapt to various roles, accept numerous responsibilities, and get work done without needing to be micromanaged. We seek team members with curiosity and the desire to be constantly learning. Come and join the Plum Voice team! Simply put, Plum makes business communication easier. We provide companies with the tools and technology to build applications that automate tasks over the phone. Oftentimes, a company's most important interactions with customers take place over the phone. Plum helps companies handle these calls in a fast, efficient, and consistent manner. Using a range of telephony tools like interactive voice response (IVR), call routing, messaging, and surveys. Plum allows businesses to implement automation and self-service for even the most complex processes. Using Plum technology enables businesses to provide great customer service and to balance that with the need for operational efficiency.|
SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER|Cambridge, MA|Cumulus Digital Systems, Inc.|None|Cumulus Digital Systems is building the Internet of Tools to transform the industrial workforce to be fully connected and data-driven, significantly improving safety and productivity in maintenance and construction. Our goal is to eliminate accidents caused by poor work quality. The Cumulus platform connects workers, tools, and data to a common software platform for real-time quality assurance and progress tracking. Our award-winning products have wide application in the $900 Billion industrial maintenance and construction markets and have been deployed at facilities around the world. We are backed by leading institutional and strategic investors in energy and construction. Cumulus is seeking an experienced, self-motivated software test engineer with a real passion for making the software user experience the best it can be. Testing efforts will target the latest technologies for Cumulus’ mobile and web application platforms, working closely with engineering teams to ensure product quality. The test effort includes hands-on functional testing, bug reporting/regression, maintaining test guidelines, and development and execution of automated tests. The successful candidate should have a strong aptitude for learning new technologies, excellent interpersonal skills, and the ability to drive complex and meaningful projects. Tight-knit collaboration with engineering teams and an ability to thrive under pressure are key skills required to succeed in this role. Responsibilities Develop and document test procedures for software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Design and implement test plans to certify the delivery of high-quality software on our Windows, iOS and Android platforms: Requirement gathering and customer scenario creation Test case writing Test execution Defect reporting and tracking Regression testing Automating test procedures Debugging support Execute manual & automated testing software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Analyze test results of automated system, conduct defect isolation by means of data-mining and comparative analysis Work and communicate effectively with team members Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering Technology, Computer Science or related field, plus two years of relevant experience or four years of experience in lieu of a relevant degree Experience in utilizing automated test tools to write test scripts and efficiently run software tests is preferred Possess a strong and extensive working knowledge of computer hardware and software Working knowledge of UNIX-based systems and command-line tools for debugging, analysis, and automation Excellent problem solving and deductive reasoning skills Creative thinker and passionate about quality Willingness to work varied hours whenever necessary to achieve the desired results Willingness to travel to customer, vendor and industry meeting locations, if required Highly organized and detail oriented Benefits Cumulus is a small, dynamic team that is quickly growing and evolving. Our company culture is built on mutual respect and trust, something you need when your business takes you to locations all over the world. We’re working together to transform an industry. Cumulus offers a generous benefit package, including: Competitive salaries Participation in our equity incentive plan Unlimited paid time off Commuter benefits for public transportation Health and dental insurance Flexible Spending Account Retirement benefits account Workplace perks such as snacks/coffee and flexible work schedules Job Type: Full-time Experience: relevant: 2 years (Required)|
Front End Engineer I|Cambridge, MA|Audible, Inc.|None|Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in developing technical strategy, and architecting large front-end solutions. 0-4 years experience of software development and deployment of distributed multi-tier applications across web, mobile-web and apps. Front-End technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, templating languages, view frameworks [e.g., Angular.js] etc. Experience with HTTP/2, cross-platform development, frameworks such as React, and JavaScript/CSS frameworks and backend integration.  This opportunity is for a Front End Engineer I who will serve as a Front End developer for Audible’s Consumer Domains group. We are the team that is responsible to create awareness of the Audible experience and the power of listening for the Amazon customers on Amazon Retail website application and Fire/Kindle devices. We are the home for tech talent that wants to grow Audible’s market leading business and build the sites and services (APIs) across desktop and mobile devices. The team is comprised of developers who work in an agile environment and partner closely with Audible and Amazon tech teams, Product, UX and QA teams.  We are embarking on a mission to reshape the fundamental experiences and delight our customers and drive a strong engineering culture. It's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. Achieving this vision means expanding and strengthening our development process and leveraging new technologies to deliver services and web applications. We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved project.  HOW DOES AMAZON FIT IN? We're a part of Amazon: they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with Amazon's technologies, but it doesn't stop there. Audible is built on a strong foundation of Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Search, A9, Kindle, P13N, Alexa and many more. If you are excited to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment while growing your career and working on high volume services that support millions of customers worldwide, we want to hear from you.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing solutions: Envisioning, designing, creating, and supporting our solutions that operate with a high degree of operational excellence. Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that invigorates our community and inspires our peers. Adopt best practices in software engineering: design, testing, version control, documentation, build, deployment, and operations. Design and implement key initiatives and major features from the front end client down through the underlying services powering it. Participate in the full development life cycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Constantly strive to raise the bar on front-end engineering excellence and working to ensure high performance of our sites and accessibility of our content. Lead the way - staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and frameworks both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community.  Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders. Expertise in web site performance and optimization from perspective of client. Proven success in mentoring tech leads and engineers. History of delivering customer-driven software products at a high scale in a fast paced, technology first, rapid-growth company. Prior success as a strategic influencer on the direction of product design and development. Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders.|
Sr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Global Technical Talent|$130,000 - $160,000 a year|Job Description: Our client has over 25 full time openings for Software Engineers in Boston, Cambridge and Watertown, Massachusetts. This cutting-edge group regularly appears in “Best Places to Work” lists, has an exceptional benefits package, and pays a base salary of $140k-$160k depending on level of experience. Required Skills: The Software Engineer our client is looking for need to have experience as the 'expert' on a development team where you were responsible for everything from planning to delivering key features and management of those features Expertise with at least one object-oriented language, ideally Java/J2ee or C# or Python or Perl As the Software Engineer you will need to have strong relational database skills using technologies like Oracle, MySQL or SQL Server Modern client JS frameworks like Angular, Node.JS, React, or Redux Ability to write automated comprehensive test suites at all levels of the architecture Preferred Skills: AWS services and infrastructure is a Plus Big Data is a Plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: $130,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Microsoft|None|DOCS Software Engineer Do you want your software to reach a billion users/devices? Do you want to write code for iOS, OSX, Android, Windows and the Web? Microsoft Office is one of the most widely used set of applications in the market today. Join a team changing the way people collaborate and get work done – on phones, tablets, web and desktops connected to the cloud. We are looking for world-class agile engineers who can innovate and elevate Office to the next level. Located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, the Office Collaboration team is bringing the next generation of collaboration experiences to a global audience. Responsibilities Your key responsibilities will include the following: Working closely with other disciplines to design, implement, unit test and deliver new features and user experiences Monitor telemetry and other KPIs to validate features in Production Define and participate in processes that enable the team to work with greater agility, release rapidly across different versions and platforms, and deliver at a high quality. Qualifications You have 2+ years of software development experience You have strong C#, C++, Java or equivalent language skills You have good communication skills and are a strong collaborator. You have a passion for building software that connects people. Preferred Qualifications: Deep passion for customers, product architecture, data analysis and technology. You strive to engineer reliable high-quality solutions. You have experience with Windows or Mac OS. Demonstrated experience in shipping high-quality products BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent in related technical experience  Microsoft’s New England Research & Development Center (NERD) NERD is a strategic global development center that attracts the region’s top talent and delivers some of Microsoft’s most strategic products and services.  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.|
Entry Level Software Developer|Boston, MA|Atlantictranstrading|$60,000 - $70,000 a year|AtlanticTransTrading is seeking multiple entry level Software Developers to join our development team to enhance and building applications Responsibilities: · Design and Develop detail oriented software designs from requirements, working with team members. · Assist and involve in optimizing the planned improvements for our existing systems. · Work as a part of the team with the goal of developing Proof of Concepts ensuring deliverables. · Involve in supporting and deployment of the application using agile methodology. Requirements: · Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or any related field. · Strong programming knowledge on the languages like Java, C++, C# or Python. · Strong exposure on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle precisely in agile methodology. · Demonstrated written and verbal communication, problem solving, interpersonal, and time management skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year|
New Graduate - Associate Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Carbon Black|None|Our Engineering team is moving at lightning speed on the breaking edge of technology. You’ll be pulling things apart and tinkering, building new platforms, or playing in the cloud. Here, the engineering opportunities are endless. With this fast-paced, synergetic group, you’ll be working together and across the organization to ensure customer success all while continuing to build a product that protects their dearest assets. What You’ll Do Deliver high quality code along with the rest of the dev team Analyze performance of services and optimize / refactor as needed Investigate functional problems, finding and fixing defects as needed Independently schedule and manage work items (defects, user stories, features, etc.) Design proof of concepts or working prototype for software services Ensure that software designs follow best-practices and architectural guidelines What You’ll Bring B.S. in Computer Science or similar major, graduating from an undergraduate program in May 2020 Intern experience in designing and delivering software products Strong level of expertise programming in C# / C++ / Java / Python or equivalent language Demonstrated aptitude in quickly mastering new languages and technologies Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills  VMware Company Overview: VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.|
Sr Software Engineer I|Boston, MA|Raytheon|None|Sr Software Engineer I – Senior(G08) Bring your talent and skills to Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) Kessel Run Software Engineering Team! Kessel Run is one of the very few software development organizations with the vision to “Deliver combat capability that can sense and respond to conflict in any domain, anytime, anywhere.” It will realize this vision by fulfilling its mission to continuously deliver war-winning software that warfighters love. We are seeking Software Engineers to support the Kessel Run vision… The successful candidate must be professional, a self-starter with a positive attitude, and have a willingness to learn Kessel Run program/organizational processes and procedures. Kessel Run development processes are centered on Test Driven Development (TDD) and Pair Programming with pairing performed 8 hours per day/5days a week. The candidate must be willing to fully engage the staff within this highly collaborative, knowledge sharing environment.  Key responsibilities for the qualified candidate include:  Required Experience/Skills Must have 4+ years of practical software development experience Fundamental engineering and software development skills Programming skills in Java/J2EE and/or Javascript and Agile processes development tools, Experience developing either frontend and/or the backend software and willing to learn full stack development Willing to gain experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Proficiency in Unix/Linux environment You know about TDD, continuous delivery, and automated testing Good oral and written communication skills Design, develop and deploy applications with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional team Willing to work in an environment that supports your individual growth Continuously improve your development skills to create products that give users software they love to use This position requires the ability to access systems that contain information restricted to US Citizens based on certain Federal Government contractual requirements Desired Experience/Skills Have 6+ years of practical software development experience Ability to work in a team environment using agile methods and tools Practical experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Advanced course work in software engineering Advanced course work in modern application architectures and/or methodologies Practical experience working in Agile collaborative team environments Required Education  Candidate must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s or graduate level [Masters and/or PhD] STEM technical degree in the area of Engineering [Software, Electrical], Computer Science, Math, or Physics.      This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 151537BR 151537 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|O'Reilly Media|None|O’Reilly Media’s Platform Engineering team builds and supports O’Reilly’s premier learning service, which is used by technologists, managers, and designers around the world to hone their skills and improve their craft. We are made of many small teams that are broadly distributed across the US, featuring diverse, tightly collaborative groups of developers, designers, and product managers constantly encouraging each other to deliver work that instills pride and fulfillment. We encourage learning, knowledge sharing, growth and collaboration in all aspects. About the Job: At O’Reilly, our engineers focus on building a diverse set of features designed in collaboration with product managers, UX, and other teammates. Engineers work with product managers to refine direction and solve user problems, exchange code reviews with other team members, provide mentorship to junior engineers, and assist QA and Ops in troubleshooting product issues. Our platform uses React + Redux and modern semantic HTML and CSS. While your focus will be on the front end, our teams are cross-discipline and we encourage learning outside your area of expertise and welcome contributions to other domains such as our backend microservices built using Python & Django. About You: We are interested in people who have experience building and supporting web applications with a diverse and engaged user base. We desire candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment and with collaborators who are distributed across multiple time zones. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, humble, and always willing to do what’s best for our users. We desire developers who treat automated tests as essential and believe that code reviews are a crucial path of learning and of sharing knowledge. The people on our platform teams have taken many traditional and nontraditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love of learning. Requirements: 3+ years experience on teams building modern web applications Ability to reproduce high fidelity UX and UI using semantic HTML and modern CSS Experience writing modern JavaScript (ES6+) Strong CSS skills Demonstrate the ability to learn and grasp new concepts quickly Experience using modern web development tooling and command-line interfaces (git, npm, etc.) Knowledge of React Testing Frameworks Preferred skills: ReactJS + Redux Experience building accessible UXs and UIs Bonus skills: Node.js, Webpack, Express server Python + Django, Docker Testing frameworks or runners - Jest + Enzyme|
Software Development Engineer|Cambridge, MA|Amazon.com Services, Inc.|None|2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  Come join the team building Alexa, the service powering the wildly successful Amazon Echo! You can help us invent the future. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for the development and launch of core product features that allow Alexa to provide customers with precise answers to their questions. You’ll help build state-of-the-art solutions to interesting problems in search, question answering, and spoken language understanding. Our team uses a variety of tools including machine learning to continually make Alexa smarter. We’re working hard, having fun, making history; come join us!  We are looking for software engineers who can build innovative applications that customers love. You will have influence on our overall strategy by helping to define product features, drive the system architecture, and champion the best practices that enable a quality product.  You’re the ideal candidate if you are clearly passionate about new opportunities and have a track record of success in delivering new features. You should have a commitment to working with a diverse team as well as strong communication skills. Our team values contributions from members with a variety of technical backgrounds and experiences. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, know how to deliver, are technical and innovative, and relish the opportunity to delight customers with pioneering solutions, we want to talk to you.  Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Objective C, Python, Ruby, C#). Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability Experience with front-end web development NLP or NLU experience Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts Sharp analytical abilities and design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices  Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02116 (South End area)|First Republic Bank|None|Description At First Republic, we care about our people. We offer extraordinary client service in private banking, private business banking and private wealth management. Founded in 1985, we believe that personal connections are everything and our success is driven by the relationships we form with our colleagues and clients. You'll always feel empowered and valued at First Republic.  Incredible teams doing exceptional work, every day Founded in 2014, Gradifi was created to ease the burden of student loan debt. We spend our days helping our members get out of debt faster, and we also make sure things are looking up for our employees. We offer competitive compensation, excellent benefits and a fast-paced, collaborative environment where you can focus on your professional development while achieving company goals.  Responsibilities Common goals, uncommon potential We're looking for a solid mid-level full-stack engineer with a focus on front-end technologies. In this position, you will work closely with architects, DevOps, QA, business users and other developers to implement features and resolve technical issues related to our product. You will also build and maintain tools and work on strategic projects. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate a passion for learning and will be an active participant in the development community.  What you'll do as a Software Engineer: Build and maintain code related to our core product. - Identify and establish expertise in an area of the codebase that provides value to the team - team members are encouraged to specialize and take ownership. Collaborate with team members to arrive at processes and standards that adhere to industry best practices. Assist with the support of the application. Leverage your experience in helping us improve the product. You could be a great fit if you have: Expertise in JavaScript: e.g. knowledge of â??generators', isomorphic JavaScript, SPA architectures. Experience with React, Node, Flux / mobx. - 2 - 5 years of contemporary experience building scale web applications in a managed language - preferably in .NET. Familiarity with â??Gang of Four' patterns. Experience working with relational databases like SQL Server and knowledge of NoSQL technologies: e.g. Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, or MongoDB.\ Knowledge of Publisher / Subscriber architectures: NServiceBus or Rebus. Experience with mobile web development. Familiarity with MSMQ or RabbitMQ. Experience with BDD or TDD. Familiarity with Moq, NUnit, Autofac, Mocha, Sinon, etc.\ Experience (and comfort) with Git.\ Developer level operations proficiency. Ability to set up a machine, knowledge of networking, familiarity with load balancers, hypervisors, CDNs, etc. - Comfortable working in an environment that uses programmable infrastructure - experience with Ruby and / or PowerShell a strong plus.\ Experience with tooling: WinDBG, Perfmon, SysInternals, Fiddler, Chrome Developer Tools, Reflector, JetBrain's suite, SQL Profiler, etc.\ Experience working with the Atlassian tools: Jenkins, Confluence, BitBucket, etc. - Practical knowledge and real world experience building secure applications - e.g. 201 CMR 17.00, ISO 27001, etc. Ecommerce experience at scale is a big plus. Knowledge of accounting would also be helpful. Job Demands: Must be able to review and analyze data reports and manuals; must be computer proficient. Must be able to communicate effectively via telephone and in person.  Qualifications Own your work and your career - apply now Are you willing to go the extra mile because you love what you do and how you can contribute as a team? Do you want the freedom to grow and the opportunity to take charge of your own career? If so, then come join us.  We want hard working team players. You'll have the independence to learn, lead and drive change. A culture of extraordinary service, empowerment and stability - that's the First Republic way.|
Software Development Engineer - Seaport Boston|Boston, MA|Amazon.com Services, Inc.|None|Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 1+ years professional experience in commercial or web-scale system software development and delivery Thorough understanding of a modern programming language such as C, C++, Java, or Python  We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to join the Amazon FSx for Lustre team. Launched in a Re:Invent keynote in November 2018, Amazon FSx for Lustre is a brand new AWS service that makes it easy for customers to launch and run high-performance file systems in the cloud. With Amazon FSx, in just minutes you can provision a Lustre parallel file system that can process massive data sets at up to hundreds of gigabytes per second of throughput, millions of IOPS, and sub-millisecond latencies. Customers already love the service, but we're just getting started. Come join the Amazon Web Services engineering team in our Boston Seaport location overlooking the Fort Point channel as we revolutionize the world of high performance computing (HPC) and cloud storage!  Interested ? Please reach out at chawmill@amazon.com or apply online at amazon.jobs  AWS is a dynamic and rapidly growing business within Amazon, with over a million active customers in 190 countries around the world. AWS has been continually expanding its services to support virtually any cloud workload, and it now has more than 90 services that range from compute, storage, networking, database, analytics, application services, deployment, management, developer, mobile, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), security, hybrid and enterprise applications. We maintain this rapid pace of innovation by treating each team like its own independent business inside AWS, directly accountable for their customers’ satisfaction, service innovations, growth, and meeting revenue goals.  As a Software Development Engineer, you will design and build transformative new customers experiences on Amazon FSx for Lustre. Delivering a reliable and high-performance service at AWS scale requires engineers with deep technical expertise and lots of creativity. At Amazon, we expect engineers like you to interact with customers, to understand our business goals, to innovate rapidly, and to deliver high-quality and ground-breaking functionality.  Embark on a journey with us to build a new service for AWS. We need your passion, innovative ideas, and creativity to shape the future of a nascent service at Amazon scale with a team that is super smart, driven to serve customers, and fun to work with!  Effective verbal and written communication skills Effective analytical skills, with problem solving abilities in the face of ambiguity Ability to collaborate with a talented, diverse team Scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures and algorithms Linux kernel development Lustre file system development Lustre file system administration Operating system fundamentals (Linux or Windows) Network, distributed, asynchronous and concurrent programming Agile/SCRUM enterprise-scale software development Storage software and storage protocols Building secure software and security algorithms Building and operating scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems  Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.|
Software Development Engineer, Amazon Global Logistics Techn...|Boston, MA|Amazon.com Services, Inc.|None|Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or equivalent 1+ years of software development experience in object-oriented design and coding in Java, C++, or C# Strong understanding of object oriented design and concepts Understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures, and algorithms Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle Strong understanding of database theory and experience with at least one relational or non-relational data store technology Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills Obsession with quality and customer experience - Attention to detail coupled with ability to think abstract  If you are currently enrolled or graduated from a Bachelors or Masters program in the past 6 months, please apply to roles at amazon.jobs/university.  Amazon’s Cross Border Transportation Technology team is chartered with building solutions for international movement of shipments which can originate from any place on earth, cross the international border and be delivered in a different part of planet. There are variety of ways in which we can import shipments from vendors/sellers to our warehouses and export package from one country to another through several intermediate locations to deliver it to our international customer. There are millions of such packages, each with different attributes, delivery requirements and international commerce and customs constraints. What results is a complex graph of source, intermediate and destination nodes with their arcs crossing international borders and associated with different costs and transit times. Accounting for all these constraints and maximizing the number of shipments shipped, while minimizing cost, providing a variety of customer delivery options and maximizing delivery performance is our primary focus.  We are building world class technology cutting across deep algorithmic problems, brand new tools that cater to multi-party business scenarios and challenging data models that are evolving very quickly. Our systems touch every single package that travels internationally which mandates building of highly available and scalable distributed systems. Besides technology, there are ample opportunities in the team to build domain expertise of international transportation and supply chain realms and get first-hand experience of the Amazon operations by interacting directly with our global internal and external partners, and of course the esteemed senior engineering talent pool.  We are looking for highly talented software development engineers who are passionate not only about architecting and developing large scale distributed technology solutions but also innovating new ideas and providing directions to our business in the domain of imports and exports logistics. We have many key initiatives lined-up to support our rapid evolution and growth of cross border transportation network by solving some of the most challenging problems in this domain.  https://youtu.be/wmjfqQj3UkA  Development experience on a UNIX or Linux platform Experience with building web service and service oriented architecture Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through its launch Experience in designing and building large enterprise scale distributed systems Ability to clearly and concisely communicate with both technical and non-technical customers in order to articulate technical challenges and solutions to complex problems, and understand ambiguous problems Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment  Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.  #AmDT #AmST|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Sr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Global Technical Talent|$130,000 - $160,000 a year|Job Description: Our client has over 25 full time openings for Software Engineers in Boston, Cambridge and Watertown, Massachusetts. This cutting-edge group regularly appears in “Best Places to Work” lists, has an exceptional benefits package, and pays a base salary of $140k-$160k depending on level of experience. Required Skills: The Software Engineer our client is looking for need to have experience as the 'expert' on a development team where you were responsible for everything from planning to delivering key features and management of those features Expertise with at least one object-oriented language, ideally Java/J2ee or C# or Python or Perl As the Software Engineer you will need to have strong relational database skills using technologies like Oracle, MySQL or SQL Server Modern client JS frameworks like Angular, Node.JS, React, or Redux Ability to write automated comprehensive test suites at all levels of the architecture Preferred Skills: AWS services and infrastructure is a Plus Big Data is a Plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: $130,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan|
DevOps Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER|Cambridge, MA|Cumulus Digital Systems, Inc.|None|Cumulus Digital Systems is building the Internet of Tools to transform the industrial workforce to be fully connected and data-driven, significantly improving safety and productivity in maintenance and construction. Our goal is to eliminate accidents caused by poor work quality. The Cumulus platform connects workers, tools, and data to a common software platform for real-time quality assurance and progress tracking. Our award-winning products have wide application in the $900 Billion industrial maintenance and construction markets and have been deployed at facilities around the world. We are backed by leading institutional and strategic investors in energy and construction. Cumulus is seeking an experienced, self-motivated software test engineer with a real passion for making the software user experience the best it can be. Testing efforts will target the latest technologies for Cumulus’ mobile and web application platforms, working closely with engineering teams to ensure product quality. The test effort includes hands-on functional testing, bug reporting/regression, maintaining test guidelines, and development and execution of automated tests. The successful candidate should have a strong aptitude for learning new technologies, excellent interpersonal skills, and the ability to drive complex and meaningful projects. Tight-knit collaboration with engineering teams and an ability to thrive under pressure are key skills required to succeed in this role. Responsibilities Develop and document test procedures for software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Design and implement test plans to certify the delivery of high-quality software on our Windows, iOS and Android platforms: Requirement gathering and customer scenario creation Test case writing Test execution Defect reporting and tracking Regression testing Automating test procedures Debugging support Execute manual & automated testing software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Analyze test results of automated system, conduct defect isolation by means of data-mining and comparative analysis Work and communicate effectively with team members Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering Technology, Computer Science or related field, plus two years of relevant experience or four years of experience in lieu of a relevant degree Experience in utilizing automated test tools to write test scripts and efficiently run software tests is preferred Possess a strong and extensive working knowledge of computer hardware and software Working knowledge of UNIX-based systems and command-line tools for debugging, analysis, and automation Excellent problem solving and deductive reasoning skills Creative thinker and passionate about quality Willingness to work varied hours whenever necessary to achieve the desired results Willingness to travel to customer, vendor and industry meeting locations, if required Highly organized and detail oriented Benefits Cumulus is a small, dynamic team that is quickly growing and evolving. Our company culture is built on mutual respect and trust, something you need when your business takes you to locations all over the world. We’re working together to transform an industry. Cumulus offers a generous benefit package, including: Competitive salaries Participation in our equity incentive plan Unlimited paid time off Commuter benefits for public transportation Health and dental insurance Flexible Spending Account Retirement benefits account Workplace perks such as snacks/coffee and flexible work schedules Job Type: Full-time Experience: relevant: 2 years (Required)|
Software Engineer Intern|Quincy, MA 02171|Granite Telecommunications|None|Granite Background & History Granite is one of the premier communications services provider to businesses across the United States and Canada. We provide exceptional customized service with an emphasis on reliability and outstanding customer support and our customers include over 85 of the Fortune 100. Granite has over $1.4 billion in revenue with more than 2,000 employees and is headquartered in Quincy, MA just off I-93 and directly next to the North Quincy T Station on the Red Line. Our mission is to be the leading telecommunications company wherever we offer services as well as provide an environment where the value of each individual is recognized and where each person has the opportunity to further their growth and achieve success. Granite has been recognized by the Boston Business Journal as one of the “Healthiest Companies” in Massachusetts. Our Quincy office has an onsite dining facility and a fully equipped state of the art gym that offers daily Cross Fit, Mixed Martial Arts, and Yoga classes available to employees at zero cost. Granite’s philanthropy is unparalleled with over $200 million in donations to organizations such as Dana Farber Cancer Institute, The ALS Foundation and the Alzheimer’s Association to name a few. We have been rated a “Fastest Growing Companies” by Inc. Magazine past ten consecutive years in a row (2007-2016). If you are a highly motivated individual who wants to grow your career with a fast paced and progressive company, Granite has countless opportunities for you. EOE/M/F/Vets/Disabled General Summary: Granite has a need for a Software Engineer Intern to work on development projects for our fast growing organization. We are looking for candidates familiar object-oriented software design, delivery and support for web-based applications and services. This individual will be responsible for contributing to the design and coding of business solutions for order management, account management, workflow and many other business functions. This position offers a talented developer a chance to work with the latest development tools and have a major impact on the fastest growing company in the telecommunications industry!   The right candidate will be a self starter, able to work independently or as a team member. Must be able to thrive in a fast paced environment and learn new technologies quickly. This is a growing company where you will be able to have a significant impact on our internal processes and get a chance to add directly to the goals of the organization. Duties and Responsibilities: Contribute to the architecture, design and coding of our next generation web based Enterprise Solution. Our internal applications are used by our 1700+ employees to manage our business and drive our success. The platform for this new initiative is ASP.NET (4.0) backed by the power of C# and Microsoft SQL Server. Work with our Development Team and Business Analysts as we implement Microsoft Team Foundation Server and develop a full SDLC framework. Assist in the maintenance of our existing applications. This work will diminish as we develop and implement our next generation code. Contribute to the maintenance and enhancements of our back end processing which is written in VB.NET and C#. These applications run on our servers and provide the backbone for our systems. Participate and contribute to ad-hoc development projects as they arise Required Qualifications: Knowledge of OOP Concepts and Component Design Excellent organizational, problem solving, coding, unit testing and debugging skills Knowledge in .NET Technologies (ASP.NET, MVC, VB.NET, C#, WCF) Knowledge in Web Technologies (ASP, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS) Solid verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications: Familiar with AngularJS, Bootstrap, php Familiar with Microsoft Team Foundation Server Familiar with telecommunications/telephone business and/or order management applications|
Contract jobs Quality/Validation/Systems/Software/Risk Engin...|Boston, MA|Systems Ally|$35 - $75 an hour|Positions: Quality assurance, Product development, Regulatory Affairs, R&D engineer, Software and Systems engineer, Cybersecurity, Manufacturing, Computer System Validation, Verification & Validation engineer, Risk management, Pharmacovigilance Duration: 6 month to 1 year or over 1 year contract Industry: Medical device, Pharmaceutical, Biotech Location: Boston, Chicago, Minneapolis, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Jacksonville, Miami, Milwaukee, Dallas, Houston Pay: Hourly (depended on experience and fit for the position) Experience: - 0-15 + years of Quality assurance, Product development, Regulatory Affairs, R&D engineer, Software and Systems engineer, Cybersecurity, Manufacturing, Computer System Validation, Verification & Validation engineer, Risk Management, Pharmacovigilance experience - No Experience or Experience within the Medical Device, Pharmaceutical, Biotech, Automotive, Aerospace, Software, Cybersecurity Contract manufacturing Industries - No Experience or Experience with FDA regulations (CFR 820 Design controls), European regulations (EU MDR/MDD), Risk Management 14971/ICH Q9/TIR57, Human Factor 62366, Software SDLC 62304, UL2900, IEC 60601, CSV 21 CFR Part 11/Annex 11/GAMP 5, GxP requirements (GLP, GCP, GPvP, GDP), international GMP regulations, cGMP’s, 21 CFR Parts 504, 803, 807, 820, 11, FDA Design Control Guidance, FDA General Principals of Software Validation, ISO 14971 and ISO 13485, MDSAP, MDR, ISO 62304, and global quality systems - No Experience or Experience with Complaints Handling, Investigations, Deviations and CAPA, Computer System Validation - Familiar with FDA/GMP requirements and Quality Systems Compliance - B.S. or M.S. Degree in Biomedical Engineering, Bio-Engineering, Biotechnology & Chemical Engineering, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, Engineering Management, Production Engineering, Networking or Cybersecurity or any other engineering/science discipline - Excellent communication skills Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Internship, Contract Salary: $35.00 to $75.00 /hour Contract Renewal: Likely Full Time Opportunity: Yes Internship Compensation: Pay|
Software Engineer - Growth|Boston, MA|Hopper|None|ABOUT HOPPER  At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest-growing travel app - one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go-to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile.  Recognized as the fastest-growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015.  Take off with us!  As a Software Engineer, you will leverage the latest technologies to solve challenging problems that will impact millions of users. You will collaborate with a team of talented engineers, break down complex problems, and implement robust and scalable solutions. You’ll experiment with new ideas, and find ways to delight users!  IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL:  Collaborate with a team of talented engineers to solve challenging technical problems Quickly deliver high quality software that solves real user problems   A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS:  Thorough understanding of at least one modern programming language such as Scala, C++, Java, or Python Understanding of microservice system architectures Basic understanding of machine learning algorithms and systems Effective analytical skills  BENEFITS  Well-funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (Boston) or Retirement Savings Plan (Montreal) Easy commute with a paid-for public transportation or parking pass IATA Travel Agent Card for discounts in the travel industry Fully stocked kitchen with: coffee/tea, beer, bagels and snacks (both healthy and not-healthy) In Cambridge, work in a historic factory building near Kendall Square; in Montreal, work in an artist’s loft in the Mile End Team lunches, offsite activities and much more!|
Full Stack Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Zippity|None|Hey! We’re looking for an entrepreneurial software engineer to join our growing team. Our goal is to transform the personal car ownership experience by delivering radically convenient on-demand auto maintenance, cleaning, and fueling services, all powered by a modern online platform. Zippity eliminates the hassle of wasting hours of the day waiting in a legacy auto repair shop only to be confronted by a bill that’s confusing and expensive. Instead, we bring our custom, 4-season mobile service garages to our customers’ workplaces and help them with everything from basic oil changes to complete brake repairs - all performed during the workday with no disruptions to the daily routine. Customers book online with transparent, upfront pricing, and our team provides live updates throughout each service so they always know the status of their vehicle. We’ve already serviced thousands of customers since launching in 2017, but we need your help to scale us into a national brand.  What You Might Work On The new version of our customer facing web app. Every Zippity customer begins here: creating their account, telling us about their vehicle, picking out the services they need, and scheduling a service date. We’ve come pretty far with the little app we have, but we know there’s still miles of room to improve the customer experience and optimize our booking metrics. The tablet-based frontend used by our mobile service technicians. Every Zippity technician’s day is driven by an app that provides every bit of information necessary for their success, lets them communicate with customers, and ensures every service is delivered with quality and efficiency. We need your help to buff this tool so we can grow to support thousands of technicians operating in markets all across the country. The next Zippity backend, including the REST APIs that power our internal and customer-facing apps as well as the deep workflow automations that enable hundreds of perfectly delivered services every day. Demand management and dynamic scheduling will become priorities in the next year as we continue to grow.  About You You’ve got an entrepreneurial spirit. You’re an indie hacker or have worked in a small startup before and know the mindset it takes to make a company succeed in a fast and uncertain environment. Our office is near South Station in downtown Boston, but we're very flexible with working locations. You should live somewhere that enables you to visit our office at least 2 days a week. We collaborate on Slack, GitHub, Trello, and Google Drive, and it all seems to work pretty well. You’re excited to work on frontend web apps made with React. Deep experience is great, but we’re also confident that smart people can learn new technologies quickly. When it comes to the frontend, you feel personally invested in delivering a great UX. You should enjoy getting to put on your designer hat sometimes. You’re not shy about working on our existing Python (Flask) backend. Even if Flask isn’t your thing, strength in other web-app oriented backends is also great to bring onboard.|
Associate Software Developer|Boston, MA|prince.k|$50 - $60 an hour|We are seeking enthusiastic and well-organized developers eager to join us to develop and code for various client projects. Requirements: Basic understanding of software development principles. Good analytical and problem-solving abilities. Knowledge of any programming i.e C, C++, Java, etc. Basic understanding of SQL, C#, Ruby On Rails, Python, AngularJS, JavaScript, Oops. Must be a team player with problem-solving skills. Be proficient with Linux environments. Be proficient with SQL databases. Have experience writing web applications that are secure and scalable. Have excellent written, verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Have a deep appreciation for beautiful code and elegant technical solutions. Willingness to learn new technologies. Eligibility Criteria : Masters Degree or Bachelors (with equivalent experience) in Computer Science or Information Technology or a related field (such as BE, BTech, MTech, BCA, MCA, BSc IT, MSc IT) Skills : Web development, ROR, Python, Ruby, Development, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, C, C++, Java Responsibilities: Work with senior leadership to translate strategic initiatives into formalized product features. Work with staff to translate technical requests into formalized product features. Work with staff to assist with bug identification, reproduction, and resolution. Experience designing and developing large scale, high traffic applications. Experience managing projects and teams in an Agile environment. Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. Strong ability to understand the priorities of client campaigns. If you self-analyze you are a good fit, please apply on the following link : **your point of contact will be Prince Kewlani <https://airtable.com/shrOKq9541UTFsGCY>|
Web Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02114 (Back Bay-Beacon Hill area)|Humanyze|None|Humanyze has an immediate need for Web Software Engineer to join the Engineering Team in Boston. Humanyze helps companies make more informed people decisions. Born out of the MIT Media Lab, Humanyze uncovers the hidden patterns of digital and face-to-face communication to quantify the people factor in the workplace. Humanyze is committed to helping teams work better together and has the data and science to prove it. Humanyze’s world-leading People Analytics Platform delivers advanced insights and is used by top Fortune 500 companies to answer specific business questions around diversity and inclusion, collaboration and delivery, space planning, workload, teamwork and engagement, and regulatory and compliance risk. Job Description: An ideal candidate for this position is a collaborative, motivated individual with strong web development experience and a proficiency in user empathy and business need translation. The candidate will be responsible with expanding the User Interface functionality across the entirety of the Humanyze Platform based on business and user requirements. Responsibilities: Front-end solution design and development Participation at various levels of full-stack design and architecture discussions (database, APIs, services, framework selection) Ensuring code quality, troubleshooting bugs, participating in and leading code reviews Collaborate with product, customer success, and adjacent development teams Job Requirements: 2+ years of React.js development experience, modern React (16.8+) ecosystems a plus 1+ years working with Redux 2+ years experience with server API contracts, including high-level ReSTful service design and frontend-API interaction patterns Exposure to Python and a willingness to contribute to Python/Django codebases Solid coding practices including code versioning, unit tests, and documentation practices Experience working in full scale SDLC including working with QA teams and test automation techniques Strong experience with semantic HTML, SCSS, modern CSS and BIM Exposure to UX Design thought processes and design patterns Desired Skills: Node.js, Express.js, Python, Django Experience working in Agile development processes Experience creating data visualizations with D3.js Experience developing native applications, both on mobile (through either React Native or other systems) and desktop (through Electron or similar tools) C# experience a plus We Offer: Competitive salary and bonus Flexible work environment Fully paid medical dental and long-term disability insurance SIMPLE IRA matching 3 Weeks of vacation, a holiday week, and 11 other company holidays|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|O'Reilly Media|None|O’Reilly Media’s Platform Engineering team builds and supports O’Reilly’s premier learning service, which is used by technologists, managers, and designers around the world to hone their skills and improve their craft. We are made of many small teams that are broadly distributed across the US, featuring diverse, tightly collaborative groups of developers, designers, and product managers constantly encouraging each other to deliver work that instills pride and fulfillment. We encourage learning, knowledge sharing, growth and collaboration in all aspects. About the Job: At O’Reilly, our engineers focus on building a diverse set of features designed in collaboration with product managers, UX, and other teammates. Engineers work with product managers to refine direction and solve user problems, exchange code reviews with other team members, provide mentorship to junior engineers, and assist QA and Ops in troubleshooting product issues. Our platform uses React + Redux and modern semantic HTML and CSS. While your focus will be on the front end, our teams are cross-discipline and we encourage learning outside your area of expertise and welcome contributions to other domains such as our backend microservices built using Python & Django. About You: We are interested in people who have experience building and supporting web applications with a diverse and engaged user base. We desire candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment and with collaborators who are distributed across multiple time zones. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, humble, and always willing to do what’s best for our users. We desire developers who treat automated tests as essential and believe that code reviews are a crucial path of learning and of sharing knowledge. The people on our platform teams have taken many traditional and nontraditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love of learning. Requirements: 3+ years experience on teams building modern web applications Ability to reproduce high fidelity UX and UI using semantic HTML and modern CSS Experience writing modern JavaScript (ES6+) Strong CSS skills Demonstrate the ability to learn and grasp new concepts quickly Experience using modern web development tooling and command-line interfaces (git, npm, etc.) Knowledge of React Testing Frameworks Preferred skills: ReactJS + Redux Experience building accessible UXs and UIs Bonus skills: Node.js, Webpack, Express server Python + Django, Docker Testing frameworks or runners - Jest + Enzyme|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02116 (South End area)|First Republic Bank|None|Description At First Republic, we care about our people. We offer extraordinary client service in private banking, private business banking and private wealth management. Founded in 1985, we believe that personal connections are everything and our success is driven by the relationships we form with our colleagues and clients. You'll always feel empowered and valued at First Republic.  Incredible teams doing exceptional work, every day Founded in 2014, Gradifi was created to ease the burden of student loan debt. We spend our days helping our members get out of debt faster, and we also make sure things are looking up for our employees. We offer competitive compensation, excellent benefits and a fast-paced, collaborative environment where you can focus on your professional development while achieving company goals.  Responsibilities Common goals, uncommon potential We're looking for a solid mid-level full-stack engineer with a focus on front-end technologies. In this position, you will work closely with architects, DevOps, QA, business users and other developers to implement features and resolve technical issues related to our product. You will also build and maintain tools and work on strategic projects. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate a passion for learning and will be an active participant in the development community.  What you'll do as a Software Engineer: Build and maintain code related to our core product. - Identify and establish expertise in an area of the codebase that provides value to the team - team members are encouraged to specialize and take ownership. Collaborate with team members to arrive at processes and standards that adhere to industry best practices. Assist with the support of the application. Leverage your experience in helping us improve the product. You could be a great fit if you have: Expertise in JavaScript: e.g. knowledge of â??generators', isomorphic JavaScript, SPA architectures. Experience with React, Node, Flux / mobx. - 2 - 5 years of contemporary experience building scale web applications in a managed language - preferably in .NET. Familiarity with â??Gang of Four' patterns. Experience working with relational databases like SQL Server and knowledge of NoSQL technologies: e.g. Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, or MongoDB.\ Knowledge of Publisher / Subscriber architectures: NServiceBus or Rebus. Experience with mobile web development. Familiarity with MSMQ or RabbitMQ. Experience with BDD or TDD. Familiarity with Moq, NUnit, Autofac, Mocha, Sinon, etc.\ Experience (and comfort) with Git.\ Developer level operations proficiency. Ability to set up a machine, knowledge of networking, familiarity with load balancers, hypervisors, CDNs, etc. - Comfortable working in an environment that uses programmable infrastructure - experience with Ruby and / or PowerShell a strong plus.\ Experience with tooling: WinDBG, Perfmon, SysInternals, Fiddler, Chrome Developer Tools, Reflector, JetBrain's suite, SQL Profiler, etc.\ Experience working with the Atlassian tools: Jenkins, Confluence, BitBucket, etc. - Practical knowledge and real world experience building secure applications - e.g. 201 CMR 17.00, ISO 27001, etc. Ecommerce experience at scale is a big plus. Knowledge of accounting would also be helpful. Job Demands: Must be able to review and analyze data reports and manuals; must be computer proficient. Must be able to communicate effectively via telephone and in person.  Qualifications Own your work and your career - apply now Are you willing to go the extra mile because you love what you do and how you can contribute as a team? Do you want the freedom to grow and the opportunity to take charge of your own career? If so, then come join us.  We want hard working team players. You'll have the independence to learn, lead and drive change. A culture of extraordinary service, empowerment and stability - that's the First Republic way.|
Senior Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Microsoft|None|The Semantic Machines group is tasked with bringing next-generation NLP technologies to products used by hundreds of millions of individuals worldwide. Our team is pushing the boundaries of natural language processing and machine learning and includes experts from UC Berkeley, Stanford, MIT, CMU, and Johns Hopkins. You can hear more about how Microsoft is planning to use this technology to create entirely new kinds of user experiences here: https://blogs.microsoft.com/ai/microsoft-build-future-of-natural-language/  Our engineering team today includes world-class members with expertise in software design, optimization, product development, and large-scale data processing. We’re looking for developers who have passion for building and shipping high-quality mobile and web applications, and for building developer platforms to enable 3rd parties to integrate new and exciting technology into their applications. No experience with machine learning or natural language processing is required – we’d love to work with people who are excited about the promise of these technologies regardless of their previous exposure to them. Responsibilities Design and develop APIs and interfaces to allow 2nd and 3rd parties to leverage our technology in their products Collaborate with other teams to architect and implement the integration of our technology into existing products being used by millions of users. Build UI to enable rapid experimentation by visualizing/exploring system behavior, datasets, and internal model representations. Help build infrastructure, including monitoring, telemetry, and other analytics to help provide an end-to-end view of our technology and the users’ experiences. Qualifications Required A bachelor’s in computer science or a related field, or equivalent experience. 5+ years of professional work in a software engineering role. Proven ability to take ownership of software projects, including collecting feedback and requirements, collaborating with stakeholders, producing technical designs, and iterating on the resulting software with users over time. Skilled in building and shipping client-facing mobile and web applications Understanding of the considerations involved in building APIs, SDKs, and developer platforms. Demonstrated skill to build understandable, flexible, and performant code.  Preferred Experience in technologies we use, including Typescript, React, and Scala/Java, as well as machine learning, natural language processing, or dialogue systems. Familiarity with functional programming, static type systems  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.|
Full Stack Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|PatientsLikeMe|None|Why PatientsLikeMe?  The healthcare system isn't doing enough for patients, but you can help change that. PatientsLikeMe is leading the social medicine space by allowing people to share their health data, track their progress, help others, and change medicine for good. Each time someone shares their experience, they're helping the next person diagnosed learn what could really work for them, and helping researchers shorten the path to new treatments. At PatientsLikeMe we're passionate about improving the lives of patients, improving the healthcare system, working on hard technical problems and doing all of this with teamwork. If you want to work with great people in an R&D organization on an initiative that matters, we want to talk to you. Come make a difference in patients' lives with us!  Who are we hiring?  PatientsLikeMe is looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer to join our Cambridge, MA team. Remote and part-time (3-4 days per week) are possibilities. You'll be building features on our website to enable our patients to engage in their online communities and to submit their health data all in an effort to improve the lives of all our members on our site. You will work on a small team of a few engineers, a product manager, a designer and a QA engineer in a collaborative manner centered around the patient experience. If you are a software engineer who likes to focus your talents on building products that make a difference in patients' lives, we want to meet you!  More about what you'll do in these roles: Build APIs with Ruby On Rails (we use ActiveRecord and PostgreSQL) Build new features on the site with React Modify existing features on the site with Ruby On Rails Work closely with product and design during the planning and implementation phases. Use common Agile processes in a 2 week sprint More about what we're looking for: 2+ years of development experience (ideally in web development, previous Rails experience is not required) An individual contributor who will help us build software. We will happily adjust the title and salary based on previous experience Willingness to teach and learn Competitive salary, generous vacation package, flexible schedule, health and dental, parental leave, free lunch 2x/week and always with a vegetarian/vegan option. Friday Journal Club\ Company Presentations — often by industry leaders in health and technology. Your teammates are also singers, cyclists, woodworkers, bookworms, animal lovers, artists, gardeners, athletes, parents, patients, caregivers, and all-around great people.|
Javascript Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
DevOps Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Sr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Global Technical Talent|$130,000 - $160,000 a year|Job Description: Our client has over 25 full time openings for Software Engineers in Boston, Cambridge and Watertown, Massachusetts. This cutting-edge group regularly appears in “Best Places to Work” lists, has an exceptional benefits package, and pays a base salary of $140k-$160k depending on level of experience. Required Skills: The Software Engineer our client is looking for need to have experience as the 'expert' on a development team where you were responsible for everything from planning to delivering key features and management of those features Expertise with at least one object-oriented language, ideally Java/J2ee or C# or Python or Perl As the Software Engineer you will need to have strong relational database skills using technologies like Oracle, MySQL or SQL Server Modern client JS frameworks like Angular, Node.JS, React, or Redux Ability to write automated comprehensive test suites at all levels of the architecture Preferred Skills: AWS services and infrastructure is a Plus Big Data is a Plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: $130,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan|
SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER|Cambridge, MA|Cumulus Digital Systems, Inc.|None|Cumulus Digital Systems is building the Internet of Tools to transform the industrial workforce to be fully connected and data-driven, significantly improving safety and productivity in maintenance and construction. Our goal is to eliminate accidents caused by poor work quality. The Cumulus platform connects workers, tools, and data to a common software platform for real-time quality assurance and progress tracking. Our award-winning products have wide application in the $900 Billion industrial maintenance and construction markets and have been deployed at facilities around the world. We are backed by leading institutional and strategic investors in energy and construction. Cumulus is seeking an experienced, self-motivated software test engineer with a real passion for making the software user experience the best it can be. Testing efforts will target the latest technologies for Cumulus’ mobile and web application platforms, working closely with engineering teams to ensure product quality. The test effort includes hands-on functional testing, bug reporting/regression, maintaining test guidelines, and development and execution of automated tests. The successful candidate should have a strong aptitude for learning new technologies, excellent interpersonal skills, and the ability to drive complex and meaningful projects. Tight-knit collaboration with engineering teams and an ability to thrive under pressure are key skills required to succeed in this role. Responsibilities Develop and document test procedures for software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Design and implement test plans to certify the delivery of high-quality software on our Windows, iOS and Android platforms: Requirement gathering and customer scenario creation Test case writing Test execution Defect reporting and tracking Regression testing Automating test procedures Debugging support Execute manual & automated testing software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Analyze test results of automated system, conduct defect isolation by means of data-mining and comparative analysis Work and communicate effectively with team members Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering Technology, Computer Science or related field, plus two years of relevant experience or four years of experience in lieu of a relevant degree Experience in utilizing automated test tools to write test scripts and efficiently run software tests is preferred Possess a strong and extensive working knowledge of computer hardware and software Working knowledge of UNIX-based systems and command-line tools for debugging, analysis, and automation Excellent problem solving and deductive reasoning skills Creative thinker and passionate about quality Willingness to work varied hours whenever necessary to achieve the desired results Willingness to travel to customer, vendor and industry meeting locations, if required Highly organized and detail oriented Benefits Cumulus is a small, dynamic team that is quickly growing and evolving. Our company culture is built on mutual respect and trust, something you need when your business takes you to locations all over the world. We’re working together to transform an industry. Cumulus offers a generous benefit package, including: Competitive salaries Participation in our equity incentive plan Unlimited paid time off Commuter benefits for public transportation Health and dental insurance Flexible Spending Account Retirement benefits account Workplace perks such as snacks/coffee and flexible work schedules Job Type: Full-time Experience: relevant: 2 years (Required)|
Entry Level Software Developer|Boston, MA|Atlantictranstrading|$60,000 - $70,000 a year|AtlanticTransTrading is seeking multiple entry level Software Developers to join our development team to enhance and building applications Responsibilities: · Design and Develop detail oriented software designs from requirements, working with team members. · Assist and involve in optimizing the planned improvements for our existing systems. · Work as a part of the team with the goal of developing Proof of Concepts ensuring deliverables. · Involve in supporting and deployment of the application using agile methodology. Requirements: · Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or any related field. · Strong programming knowledge on the languages like Java, C++, C# or Python. · Strong exposure on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle precisely in agile methodology. · Demonstrated written and verbal communication, problem solving, interpersonal, and time management skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year|
New Graduate - Associate Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Carbon Black|None|Our Engineering team is moving at lightning speed on the breaking edge of technology. You’ll be pulling things apart and tinkering, building new platforms, or playing in the cloud. Here, the engineering opportunities are endless. With this fast-paced, synergetic group, you’ll be working together and across the organization to ensure customer success all while continuing to build a product that protects their dearest assets. What You’ll Do Deliver high quality code along with the rest of the dev team Analyze performance of services and optimize / refactor as needed Investigate functional problems, finding and fixing defects as needed Independently schedule and manage work items (defects, user stories, features, etc.) Design proof of concepts or working prototype for software services Ensure that software designs follow best-practices and architectural guidelines What You’ll Bring B.S. in Computer Science or similar major, graduating from an undergraduate program in May 2020 Intern experience in designing and delivering software products Strong level of expertise programming in C# / C++ / Java / Python or equivalent language Demonstrated aptitude in quickly mastering new languages and technologies Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills  VMware Company Overview: VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Microsoft|None|DOCS Software Engineer Do you want your software to reach a billion users/devices? Do you want to write code for iOS, OSX, Android, Windows and the Web? Microsoft Office is one of the most widely used set of applications in the market today. Join a team changing the way people collaborate and get work done – on phones, tablets, web and desktops connected to the cloud. We are looking for world-class agile engineers who can innovate and elevate Office to the next level. Located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, the Office Collaboration team is bringing the next generation of collaboration experiences to a global audience. Responsibilities Your key responsibilities will include the following: Working closely with other disciplines to design, implement, unit test and deliver new features and user experiences Monitor telemetry and other KPIs to validate features in Production Define and participate in processes that enable the team to work with greater agility, release rapidly across different versions and platforms, and deliver at a high quality. Qualifications You have 2+ years of software development experience You have strong C#, C++, Java or equivalent language skills You have good communication skills and are a strong collaborator. You have a passion for building software that connects people. Preferred Qualifications: Deep passion for customers, product architecture, data analysis and technology. You strive to engineer reliable high-quality solutions. You have experience with Windows or Mac OS. Demonstrated experience in shipping high-quality products BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent in related technical experience  Microsoft’s New England Research & Development Center (NERD) NERD is a strategic global development center that attracts the region’s top talent and delivers some of Microsoft’s most strategic products and services.  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.|
Software Engineer (Backend)|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Zoba|$100,000 - $130,000 a year|Zoba is building the next generation of spatial analytics to improve the efficiency of cities and the lives of people that live in them. Our production-ready spatial data science platform provides automated demand forecasting and real-time operations strategies to shared mobility companies including micromobility operators and automobile OEMs across Europe and the Americas. Zoba is backed by leading investors including CRV, Founder Collective, and Mark Cuban. * With tens of millions of vehicle rides stored and growing exponentially, you will be solving the technical challenges around ingesting real-time events and processing them with computationally expensive machine learning models. * * We are currently looking for software engineers who are interested in backend systems and scalability challenges to join our growing team. You will Design and build robust APIs and microservices that automate the decision-making process of operations strategies for mobility companies Implement and optimize computationally expensive machine learning models for production usage Architect, implement, and operate highly available and scalable infrastructure to handle exponentially growing workload Collaborate with the broader team and clients to ship and refine products Keep learning about and pushing the envelope of how geospatial data can help improve the efficiencies of cities What we are looking for Strong system programming skills with a good understanding of performance tradeoffs Experience building and operating production systems using PostgreSQL Experience building and scaling event processing systems Experience using cloud infrastructure such as AWS Strong Python skills, experience with Django A bias towards action, team-first mindset and willingness to take on the challenge of an early stage startup An interest in spatial data, mobility, and making an impact on cities * * At Zoba, we view diversity as a strength and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for employees of all backgrounds. * Job Type: Full-time Salary: $100,000.00 to $130,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) software development: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Parental leave This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply|
Software Development Engineer|Cambridge, MA|Amazon.com Services, Inc.|None|2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  Come join the team building Alexa, the service powering the wildly successful Amazon Echo! You can help us invent the future. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for the development and launch of core product features that allow Alexa to provide customers with precise answers to their questions. You’ll help build state-of-the-art solutions to interesting problems in search, question answering, and spoken language understanding. Our team uses a variety of tools including machine learning to continually make Alexa smarter. We’re working hard, having fun, making history; come join us!  We are looking for software engineers who can build innovative applications that customers love. You will have influence on our overall strategy by helping to define product features, drive the system architecture, and champion the best practices that enable a quality product.  You’re the ideal candidate if you are clearly passionate about new opportunities and have a track record of success in delivering new features. You should have a commitment to working with a diverse team as well as strong communication skills. Our team values contributions from members with a variety of technical backgrounds and experiences. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, know how to deliver, are technical and innovative, and relish the opportunity to delight customers with pioneering solutions, we want to talk to you.  Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Objective C, Python, Ruby, C#). Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability Experience with front-end web development NLP or NLU experience Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts Sharp analytical abilities and design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices  Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation|
2020 Intern - Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|BOEING|None|Job Brief .Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. .Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora offers a competitive salary, housing and transportation allowance if required. Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. Finally, during your time with us, we are interested in your input on how we can continue to enhance your experience in an environment of learning and at the end of your internship, we ask you to present your work experience and lessons learned to the company. Requirements: Enrolled in an Advanced Degree program. Knowledge of basic aeronautics and aviation engineering. A strong academic record. Experience contributing to a team in a fast-paced/competitive and/or self-directed environment. Preferred Requirements: Some activity related to autonomous vehicles and robotics. Aurora’s Mission: Aurora is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. We aim to change the way we travel. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for government and commercial customers. Now as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to disrupt the future of the aerospace industry. Come change the future of the aerospace industry with Aurora Flight Sciences!|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|PhAST|$80,000 - $120,000 a year|PhAST is a Boston-based, venture-backed AI healthcare company developing computer vision technology for ultra-rapid detection of antibiotic resistance. PhAST was founded in 2017 by an MIT PhD, and an MIT Professor of Engineering, is currently a team of 10, and aims to revolutionize infectious disease diagnostics through microfluidics, computer vision, big data and machine learning. Our platform provides clinical decision support for doctors, improves workflow in hospitals, and accelerates drug discovery for pharmaceutical companies. Job Description PhAST is seeking a talented software engineer to join the founding team and lead the design and development of its software architecture and platform. The software is central to PhAST’s all-in-one platform – a totally new concept in the field with huge impact potential! – and combines control of experimental and imaging workflows, computer vision for feature extraction from video images, analysis of large datasets with machine learning and statistical techniques, and diagnostic decision making. Responsibilities: Develop PhAST’s software platform, from its current prototype, with agile interactions with the rest of the team and ample freedom in optimal design choices, strategy to optimize computational time, and best user experience. Build approaches for near-real-time analysis of gigabytes of image data Interface with the microbiology and data science teams for software design requirements, testing and optimization. Qualifications: Education: BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 1+ years of relevant work experience in software development preferred. Proficiency in C, C++ or C#. PhAST is a rapidly growing, dynamic startup. As PhAST continues to expand and engage with leading hospitals and pharmaceutical companies, this position will have growth opportunities in product development for clinical deployment and computer vision in a challenging biomedical field. The rich interface between the computer science and the data science teams provides additional opportunities for growth, include in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Come do the best work of your life at an exciting, fast-paced startup, in a highly qualified, very interdisciplinary and driven team, in the heart of Cambridge right next to MIT, and be responsible for making a real difference in one of today’s most pressing healthcare concerns – antibiotic resistance. The position is available immediately. Salary and equity compensation will be commensurate with experience. The candidate must be legally eligible to work in the United States. If interested, please email your resume and a cover letter. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year Experience: computer sience: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: No: Not providing sponsorship for this job|
Sr Software Engineer I|Boston, MA|Raytheon|None|Sr Software Engineer I – Senior(G08) Bring your talent and skills to Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) Kessel Run Software Engineering Team! Kessel Run is one of the very few software development organizations with the vision to “Deliver combat capability that can sense and respond to conflict in any domain, anytime, anywhere.” It will realize this vision by fulfilling its mission to continuously deliver war-winning software that warfighters love. We are seeking Software Engineers to support the Kessel Run vision… The successful candidate must be professional, a self-starter with a positive attitude, and have a willingness to learn Kessel Run program/organizational processes and procedures. Kessel Run development processes are centered on Test Driven Development (TDD) and Pair Programming with pairing performed 8 hours per day/5days a week. The candidate must be willing to fully engage the staff within this highly collaborative, knowledge sharing environment.  Key responsibilities for the qualified candidate include:  Required Experience/Skills Must have 4+ years of practical software development experience Fundamental engineering and software development skills Programming skills in Java/J2EE and/or Javascript and Agile processes development tools, Experience developing either frontend and/or the backend software and willing to learn full stack development Willing to gain experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Proficiency in Unix/Linux environment You know about TDD, continuous delivery, and automated testing Good oral and written communication skills Design, develop and deploy applications with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional team Willing to work in an environment that supports your individual growth Continuously improve your development skills to create products that give users software they love to use This position requires the ability to access systems that contain information restricted to US Citizens based on certain Federal Government contractual requirements Desired Experience/Skills Have 6+ years of practical software development experience Ability to work in a team environment using agile methods and tools Practical experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Advanced course work in software engineering Advanced course work in modern application architectures and/or methodologies Practical experience working in Agile collaborative team environments Required Education  Candidate must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s or graduate level [Masters and/or PhD] STEM technical degree in the area of Engineering [Software, Electrical], Computer Science, Math, or Physics.      This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 151537BR 151537 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Simply Business|None|Simply Business is more than our name. It's how we approach insurance: Make it clear. Make it simple. Make it affordable. By combining exceptional talent, technology, data, and knowledge, Simply Business is the go-to online insurance brokerage that protects small businesses and the entrepreneurs who work hard to build them.  We want team members who have the drive to challenge boundaries. If you’re smart and passionate about delivering brilliant customer experiences, we’d love to hear from you.  We need a Software Engineer to join us in Boston.  This role will develop customer focused products in a culture which champions Agile, cross functional teams and continuous collaboration. Key Responsibilities: Being hands-on in developing our products using best practices, appropriate tools and technologies Working with cross functional collaborative teams, helping to clarify requirements at the onset of projects and suggesting different and relevant technical approaches Highlighting areas for continuous improvement and driving their prioritization Being proactive in suggesting new tools, technologies and ways of working Our Tech Stack: Ruby/Ruby on Rails Scala MongoDB Spark Redshift Kafka Puppet AWS Docker HTML, CSS, JavaScript React A handful of things we believe in: Continuous delivery - we currently release software to production around 14 times a day on average Cross functional teams – we believe in collaboration across the whole organization and we see Tech and Business teams as one team working together on projects (in fact, we even have our business product owners writing code). Continuous innovation - we do hackathons as one example to drive experimentation with new technologies and ways of working Never chaining ourselves to a technology - using the “right tool for the job” What we are looking for: Strong programming skills in any language. We look for strong Engineers and our philosophy is that a strong Engineer is not defined by the technologies they use; therefore Ruby experience is not essential. You’ll just need to be happy to cross-over to Ruby if you join us – and we will support you with that Strong understanding of Agile Strong desire to work collaboratively with business teams. We do not divide ‘business’ and tech’ teams, we see both as one team as we are all working towards one shared goal Strong interpersonal skills to work well in our very open and friendly environment Pro-active in suggesting new tools, processes and technologies – anything which will help us continually improve! What are the benefits?  Here are some of the great benefits and perks that come from being a Simply Business employee: A salary that reflects your experience, our pay policy, and the market we’re in from your first day Group plan for medical, dental, and prescription drug coverage Short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance coverage Participation in the Company’s bonus program Participation in 401(k) plan with a 3% employer match Commuter benefits to help cut down on commuting costs 25 days of vacation time plus 10 company holidays Flexible working hours and working from home Annual company trip, regular outings, and volunteer opportunities An awesome WeWork office with cold brew coffee, beer on tap, local pop-up events, and more  As a company, we pride ourselves on inclusion in the workplace. Simply Business is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.  Want more info on working at Simply Business? Check out our careers page: https://www.simplybusiness.com/careers/|
Javascript Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
.NET Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Sr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Global Technical Talent|$130,000 - $160,000 a year|Job Description: Our client has over 25 full time openings for Software Engineers in Boston, Cambridge and Watertown, Massachusetts. This cutting-edge group regularly appears in “Best Places to Work” lists, has an exceptional benefits package, and pays a base salary of $140k-$160k depending on level of experience. Required Skills: The Software Engineer our client is looking for need to have experience as the 'expert' on a development team where you were responsible for everything from planning to delivering key features and management of those features Expertise with at least one object-oriented language, ideally Java/J2ee or C# or Python or Perl As the Software Engineer you will need to have strong relational database skills using technologies like Oracle, MySQL or SQL Server Modern client JS frameworks like Angular, Node.JS, React, or Redux Ability to write automated comprehensive test suites at all levels of the architecture Preferred Skills: AWS services and infrastructure is a Plus Big Data is a Plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: $130,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan|
DevOps Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER|Cambridge, MA|Cumulus Digital Systems, Inc.|None|Cumulus Digital Systems is building the Internet of Tools to transform the industrial workforce to be fully connected and data-driven, significantly improving safety and productivity in maintenance and construction. Our goal is to eliminate accidents caused by poor work quality. The Cumulus platform connects workers, tools, and data to a common software platform for real-time quality assurance and progress tracking. Our award-winning products have wide application in the $900 Billion industrial maintenance and construction markets and have been deployed at facilities around the world. We are backed by leading institutional and strategic investors in energy and construction. Cumulus is seeking an experienced, self-motivated software test engineer with a real passion for making the software user experience the best it can be. Testing efforts will target the latest technologies for Cumulus’ mobile and web application platforms, working closely with engineering teams to ensure product quality. The test effort includes hands-on functional testing, bug reporting/regression, maintaining test guidelines, and development and execution of automated tests. The successful candidate should have a strong aptitude for learning new technologies, excellent interpersonal skills, and the ability to drive complex and meaningful projects. Tight-knit collaboration with engineering teams and an ability to thrive under pressure are key skills required to succeed in this role. Responsibilities Develop and document test procedures for software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Design and implement test plans to certify the delivery of high-quality software on our Windows, iOS and Android platforms: Requirement gathering and customer scenario creation Test case writing Test execution Defect reporting and tracking Regression testing Automating test procedures Debugging support Execute manual & automated testing software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions Analyze test results of automated system, conduct defect isolation by means of data-mining and comparative analysis Work and communicate effectively with team members Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering Technology, Computer Science or related field, plus two years of relevant experience or four years of experience in lieu of a relevant degree Experience in utilizing automated test tools to write test scripts and efficiently run software tests is preferred Possess a strong and extensive working knowledge of computer hardware and software Working knowledge of UNIX-based systems and command-line tools for debugging, analysis, and automation Excellent problem solving and deductive reasoning skills Creative thinker and passionate about quality Willingness to work varied hours whenever necessary to achieve the desired results Willingness to travel to customer, vendor and industry meeting locations, if required Highly organized and detail oriented Benefits Cumulus is a small, dynamic team that is quickly growing and evolving. Our company culture is built on mutual respect and trust, something you need when your business takes you to locations all over the world. We’re working together to transform an industry. Cumulus offers a generous benefit package, including: Competitive salaries Participation in our equity incentive plan Unlimited paid time off Commuter benefits for public transportation Health and dental insurance Flexible Spending Account Retirement benefits account Workplace perks such as snacks/coffee and flexible work schedules Job Type: Full-time Experience: relevant: 2 years (Required)|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Entry Level Software Developer|Boston, MA|Atlantictranstrading|$60,000 - $70,000 a year|AtlanticTransTrading is seeking multiple entry level Software Developers to join our development team to enhance and building applications Responsibilities: · Design and Develop detail oriented software designs from requirements, working with team members. · Assist and involve in optimizing the planned improvements for our existing systems. · Work as a part of the team with the goal of developing Proof of Concepts ensuring deliverables. · Involve in supporting and deployment of the application using agile methodology. Requirements: · Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or any related field. · Strong programming knowledge on the languages like Java, C++, C# or Python. · Strong exposure on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle precisely in agile methodology. · Demonstrated written and verbal communication, problem solving, interpersonal, and time management skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year|
New Graduate - Associate Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Carbon Black|None|Our Engineering team is moving at lightning speed on the breaking edge of technology. You’ll be pulling things apart and tinkering, building new platforms, or playing in the cloud. Here, the engineering opportunities are endless. With this fast-paced, synergetic group, you’ll be working together and across the organization to ensure customer success all while continuing to build a product that protects their dearest assets. What You’ll Do Deliver high quality code along with the rest of the dev team Analyze performance of services and optimize / refactor as needed Investigate functional problems, finding and fixing defects as needed Independently schedule and manage work items (defects, user stories, features, etc.) Design proof of concepts or working prototype for software services Ensure that software designs follow best-practices and architectural guidelines What You’ll Bring B.S. in Computer Science or similar major, graduating from an undergraduate program in May 2020 Intern experience in designing and delivering software products Strong level of expertise programming in C# / C++ / Java / Python or equivalent language Demonstrated aptitude in quickly mastering new languages and technologies Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills  VMware Company Overview: VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.|
Software Engineer Intern|Quincy, MA 02171|Granite Telecommunications|None|Granite Background & History Granite is one of the premier communications services provider to businesses across the United States and Canada. We provide exceptional customized service with an emphasis on reliability and outstanding customer support and our customers include over 85 of the Fortune 100. Granite has over $1.4 billion in revenue with more than 2,000 employees and is headquartered in Quincy, MA just off I-93 and directly next to the North Quincy T Station on the Red Line. Our mission is to be the leading telecommunications company wherever we offer services as well as provide an environment where the value of each individual is recognized and where each person has the opportunity to further their growth and achieve success. Granite has been recognized by the Boston Business Journal as one of the “Healthiest Companies” in Massachusetts. Our Quincy office has an onsite dining facility and a fully equipped state of the art gym that offers daily Cross Fit, Mixed Martial Arts, and Yoga classes available to employees at zero cost. Granite’s philanthropy is unparalleled with over $200 million in donations to organizations such as Dana Farber Cancer Institute, The ALS Foundation and the Alzheimer’s Association to name a few. We have been rated a “Fastest Growing Companies” by Inc. Magazine past ten consecutive years in a row (2007-2016). If you are a highly motivated individual who wants to grow your career with a fast paced and progressive company, Granite has countless opportunities for you. EOE/M/F/Vets/Disabled General Summary: Granite has a need for a Software Engineer Intern to work on development projects for our fast growing organization. We are looking for candidates familiar object-oriented software design, delivery and support for web-based applications and services. This individual will be responsible for contributing to the design and coding of business solutions for order management, account management, workflow and many other business functions. This position offers a talented developer a chance to work with the latest development tools and have a major impact on the fastest growing company in the telecommunications industry!   The right candidate will be a self starter, able to work independently or as a team member. Must be able to thrive in a fast paced environment and learn new technologies quickly. This is a growing company where you will be able to have a significant impact on our internal processes and get a chance to add directly to the goals of the organization. Duties and Responsibilities: Contribute to the architecture, design and coding of our next generation web based Enterprise Solution. Our internal applications are used by our 1700+ employees to manage our business and drive our success. The platform for this new initiative is ASP.NET (4.0) backed by the power of C# and Microsoft SQL Server. Work with our Development Team and Business Analysts as we implement Microsoft Team Foundation Server and develop a full SDLC framework. Assist in the maintenance of our existing applications. This work will diminish as we develop and implement our next generation code. Contribute to the maintenance and enhancements of our back end processing which is written in VB.NET and C#. These applications run on our servers and provide the backbone for our systems. Participate and contribute to ad-hoc development projects as they arise Required Qualifications: Knowledge of OOP Concepts and Component Design Excellent organizational, problem solving, coding, unit testing and debugging skills Knowledge in .NET Technologies (ASP.NET, MVC, VB.NET, C#, WCF) Knowledge in Web Technologies (ASP, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS) Solid verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications: Familiar with AngularJS, Bootstrap, php Familiar with Microsoft Team Foundation Server Familiar with telecommunications/telephone business and/or order management applications|
Software Engineer - Growth|Boston, MA|Hopper|None|ABOUT HOPPER  At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest-growing travel app - one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go-to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile.  Recognized as the fastest-growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015.  Take off with us!  As a Software Engineer, you will leverage the latest technologies to solve challenging problems that will impact millions of users. You will collaborate with a team of talented engineers, break down complex problems, and implement robust and scalable solutions. You’ll experiment with new ideas, and find ways to delight users!  IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL:  Collaborate with a team of talented engineers to solve challenging technical problems Quickly deliver high quality software that solves real user problems   A PERFECT CANDIDATE HAS:  Thorough understanding of at least one modern programming language such as Scala, C++, Java, or Python Understanding of microservice system architectures Basic understanding of machine learning algorithms and systems Effective analytical skills  BENEFITS  Well-funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business 100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a 401k (Boston) or Retirement Savings Plan (Montreal) Easy commute with a paid-for public transportation or parking pass IATA Travel Agent Card for discounts in the travel industry Fully stocked kitchen with: coffee/tea, beer, bagels and snacks (both healthy and not-healthy) In Cambridge, work in a historic factory building near Kendall Square; in Montreal, work in an artist’s loft in the Mile End Team lunches, offsite activities and much more!|
2020 Intern - Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|BOEING|None|Job Brief .Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. .Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora offers a competitive salary, housing and transportation allowance if required. Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. Finally, during your time with us, we are interested in your input on how we can continue to enhance your experience in an environment of learning and at the end of your internship, we ask you to present your work experience and lessons learned to the company. Requirements: Enrolled in an Advanced Degree program. Knowledge of basic aeronautics and aviation engineering. A strong academic record. Experience contributing to a team in a fast-paced/competitive and/or self-directed environment. Preferred Requirements: Some activity related to autonomous vehicles and robotics. Aurora’s Mission: Aurora is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. We aim to change the way we travel. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for government and commercial customers. Now as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to disrupt the future of the aerospace industry. Come change the future of the aerospace industry with Aurora Flight Sciences!|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Microsoft|None|DOCS Software Engineer Do you want your software to reach a billion users/devices? Do you want to write code for iOS, OSX, Android, Windows and the Web? Microsoft Office is one of the most widely used set of applications in the market today. Join a team changing the way people collaborate and get work done – on phones, tablets, web and desktops connected to the cloud. We are looking for world-class agile engineers who can innovate and elevate Office to the next level. Located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, the Office Collaboration team is bringing the next generation of collaboration experiences to a global audience. Responsibilities Your key responsibilities will include the following: Working closely with other disciplines to design, implement, unit test and deliver new features and user experiences Monitor telemetry and other KPIs to validate features in Production Define and participate in processes that enable the team to work with greater agility, release rapidly across different versions and platforms, and deliver at a high quality. Qualifications You have 2+ years of software development experience You have strong C#, C++, Java or equivalent language skills You have good communication skills and are a strong collaborator. You have a passion for building software that connects people. Preferred Qualifications: Deep passion for customers, product architecture, data analysis and technology. You strive to engineer reliable high-quality solutions. You have experience with Windows or Mac OS. Demonstrated experience in shipping high-quality products BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent in related technical experience  Microsoft’s New England Research & Development Center (NERD) NERD is a strategic global development center that attracts the region’s top talent and delivers some of Microsoft’s most strategic products and services.  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.|
Software Engineer (Backend)|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Zoba|$100,000 - $130,000 a year|Zoba is building the next generation of spatial analytics to improve the efficiency of cities and the lives of people that live in them. Our production-ready spatial data science platform provides automated demand forecasting and real-time operations strategies to shared mobility companies including micromobility operators and automobile OEMs across Europe and the Americas. Zoba is backed by leading investors including CRV, Founder Collective, and Mark Cuban. * With tens of millions of vehicle rides stored and growing exponentially, you will be solving the technical challenges around ingesting real-time events and processing them with computationally expensive machine learning models. * * We are currently looking for software engineers who are interested in backend systems and scalability challenges to join our growing team. You will Design and build robust APIs and microservices that automate the decision-making process of operations strategies for mobility companies Implement and optimize computationally expensive machine learning models for production usage Architect, implement, and operate highly available and scalable infrastructure to handle exponentially growing workload Collaborate with the broader team and clients to ship and refine products Keep learning about and pushing the envelope of how geospatial data can help improve the efficiencies of cities What we are looking for Strong system programming skills with a good understanding of performance tradeoffs Experience building and operating production systems using PostgreSQL Experience building and scaling event processing systems Experience using cloud infrastructure such as AWS Strong Python skills, experience with Django A bias towards action, team-first mindset and willingness to take on the challenge of an early stage startup An interest in spatial data, mobility, and making an impact on cities * * At Zoba, we view diversity as a strength and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for employees of all backgrounds. * Job Type: Full-time Salary: $100,000.00 to $130,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) software development: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Parental leave This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
Software Engineer|Brighton, MA 02135|ButcherBox|None|Who We Are ButcherBox is a fast-paced, rapidly-growing company headquartered in Brighton, MA. At ButcherBox, we believe in better. That’s why we deliver 100% grass-fed, grass-finished beef, free-range organic chicken, heritage-breed pork, and wild-caught Alaskan salmon directly to our members’ doors. All of our products are humanely raised or wild caught and never given antibiotics or added hormones ever. We’re working to create a world that’s better for all, and we’re inviting everyone to come along. For us, better means treating our planet with respect. It means improving the lives of animals and the livelihoods of farmers. It means never cutting corners when it comes to doing business. Ultimately, it means better meals, enjoyed together. Our team is made up of people who collaborate and support one another. We’re always looking for amazing people to join our mission!  Your Responsibilities As a member of the ButcherBox core services team, you'll be responsible for building and maintaining our internal subscription, billing, and shipping web applications. Your work will involve consuming third-party APIs, exposing data to partners (such as our distribution centers), and integrating with our customer-facing e-commerce application.  We work in two-week sprints, including daily standup meetings and bi-weekly planning and retrospective meetings. We value strong attention to detail and place a large amount of autonomy on our engineers.  Experience  2+ years experience as a software engineer working with OOP Experience with PHP or a server-side programming language such as Ruby, Java, Python, or Go Experience with Laravel or an MVC framework such as Ruby on Rails or Django Experience with MySQL or a similar relational database Understanding of object-oriented programming principles such as SOLID or DDD Bonus: A degree in Computer Science or a related field Benefits  A very supportive team, a culture of "do your job" autonomy, and access to all levels of the organization Health insurance (including medical, dental, vision) 401(k) with generous employer match Employee stock options Subsidized commuter benefits Unlimited time off policy Professional development opportunities Free box of meat each month Free gym membership We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, or disability status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Simply Business|None|Simply Business is more than our name. It's how we approach insurance: Make it clear. Make it simple. Make it affordable. By combining exceptional talent, technology, data, and knowledge, Simply Business is the go-to online insurance brokerage that protects small businesses and the entrepreneurs who work hard to build them.  We want team members who have the drive to challenge boundaries. If you’re smart and passionate about delivering brilliant customer experiences, we’d love to hear from you.  We need a Software Engineer to join us in Boston.  This role will develop customer focused products in a culture which champions Agile, cross functional teams and continuous collaboration. Key Responsibilities: Being hands-on in developing our products using best practices, appropriate tools and technologies Working with cross functional collaborative teams, helping to clarify requirements at the onset of projects and suggesting different and relevant technical approaches Highlighting areas for continuous improvement and driving their prioritization Being proactive in suggesting new tools, technologies and ways of working Our Tech Stack: Ruby/Ruby on Rails Scala MongoDB Spark Redshift Kafka Puppet AWS Docker HTML, CSS, JavaScript React A handful of things we believe in: Continuous delivery - we currently release software to production around 14 times a day on average Cross functional teams – we believe in collaboration across the whole organization and we see Tech and Business teams as one team working together on projects (in fact, we even have our business product owners writing code). Continuous innovation - we do hackathons as one example to drive experimentation with new technologies and ways of working Never chaining ourselves to a technology - using the “right tool for the job” What we are looking for: Strong programming skills in any language. We look for strong Engineers and our philosophy is that a strong Engineer is not defined by the technologies they use; therefore Ruby experience is not essential. You’ll just need to be happy to cross-over to Ruby if you join us – and we will support you with that Strong understanding of Agile Strong desire to work collaboratively with business teams. We do not divide ‘business’ and tech’ teams, we see both as one team as we are all working towards one shared goal Strong interpersonal skills to work well in our very open and friendly environment Pro-active in suggesting new tools, processes and technologies – anything which will help us continually improve! What are the benefits?  Here are some of the great benefits and perks that come from being a Simply Business employee: A salary that reflects your experience, our pay policy, and the market we’re in from your first day Group plan for medical, dental, and prescription drug coverage Short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance coverage Participation in the Company’s bonus program Participation in 401(k) plan with a 3% employer match Commuter benefits to help cut down on commuting costs 25 days of vacation time plus 10 company holidays Flexible working hours and working from home Annual company trip, regular outings, and volunteer opportunities An awesome WeWork office with cold brew coffee, beer on tap, local pop-up events, and more  As a company, we pride ourselves on inclusion in the workplace. Simply Business is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.  Want more info on working at Simply Business? Check out our careers page: https://www.simplybusiness.com/careers/|
Java Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
C# Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Sr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Global Technical Talent|$130,000 - $160,000 a year|Job Description: Our client has over 25 full time openings for Software Engineers in Boston, Cambridge and Watertown, Massachusetts. This cutting-edge group regularly appears in “Best Places to Work” lists, has an exceptional benefits package, and pays a base salary of $140k-$160k depending on level of experience. Required Skills: The Software Engineer our client is looking for need to have experience as the 'expert' on a development team where you were responsible for everything from planning to delivering key features and management of those features Expertise with at least one object-oriented language, ideally Java/J2ee or C# or Python or Perl As the Software Engineer you will need to have strong relational database skills using technologies like Oracle, MySQL or SQL Server Modern client JS frameworks like Angular, Node.JS, React, or Redux Ability to write automated comprehensive test suites at all levels of the architecture Preferred Skills: AWS services and infrastructure is a Plus Big Data is a Plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: $130,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Work authorization: United States (Required) Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan|
Java Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
DevOps Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Front End Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of work experience. Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go. Experience in working with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.  Preferred qualifications: 3 years of relevant work experience, including web application experience or skills using AJAX, HTML, CSS or JavaScript. Knowledge of user interface design. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, mobile application development, user interface design, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Build next-generation web applications with a focus on the client side. Redesign UI's, Implement new UI's, and pick up Java as necessary. Engage with back-end systems. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|PhAST|$80,000 - $120,000 a year|PhAST is a Boston-based, venture-backed AI healthcare company developing computer vision technology for ultra-rapid detection of antibiotic resistance. PhAST was founded in 2017 by an MIT PhD, and an MIT Professor of Engineering, is currently a team of 10, and aims to revolutionize infectious disease diagnostics through microfluidics, computer vision, big data and machine learning. Our platform provides clinical decision support for doctors, improves workflow in hospitals, and accelerates drug discovery for pharmaceutical companies. Job Description PhAST is seeking a talented software engineer to join the founding team and lead the design and development of its software architecture and platform. The software is central to PhAST’s all-in-one platform – a totally new concept in the field with huge impact potential! – and combines control of experimental and imaging workflows, computer vision for feature extraction from video images, analysis of large datasets with machine learning and statistical techniques, and diagnostic decision making. Responsibilities: Develop PhAST’s software platform, from its current prototype, with agile interactions with the rest of the team and ample freedom in optimal design choices, strategy to optimize computational time, and best user experience. Build approaches for near-real-time analysis of gigabytes of image data Interface with the microbiology and data science teams for software design requirements, testing and optimization. Qualifications: Education: BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 1+ years of relevant work experience in software development preferred. Proficiency in C, C++ or C#. PhAST is a rapidly growing, dynamic startup. As PhAST continues to expand and engage with leading hospitals and pharmaceutical companies, this position will have growth opportunities in product development for clinical deployment and computer vision in a challenging biomedical field. The rich interface between the computer science and the data science teams provides additional opportunities for growth, include in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Come do the best work of your life at an exciting, fast-paced startup, in a highly qualified, very interdisciplinary and driven team, in the heart of Cambridge right next to MIT, and be responsible for making a real difference in one of today’s most pressing healthcare concerns – antibiotic resistance. The position is available immediately. Salary and equity compensation will be commensurate with experience. The candidate must be legally eligible to work in the United States. If interested, please email your resume and a cover letter. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year Experience: computer sience: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: No: Not providing sponsorship for this job|
Jr. Scientific Programmer|Boston, MA|Harvard University|None|Job Code 403060 IT Support Associate I Job Summary The Gehlenborg Lab in the Department of Biomedical Informatics at HMS is a group of data scientists and software developers who are passionate about driving biomedical discovery by creating efficient and effective visual interfaces between analysts and data. We focus on the development of visual analysis tools for genomic and other biomedical data to address challenges in basic and applied research. We are particularly interested in applying our approaches in cancer genomics, epigenomics, and chromosome conformation studies. This Junior Scientific Programmer will assist researchers in the development, implementation, and application of new interactive data analysis tools. Job-Specific Responsibilities Examples of tasks include: Designing, implementing, and evaluating web-based data analysis and visualization tools Improve performance, fix bugs, or add new features to existing tools Create design sketches and prototypes for new tools Improve documentation and maintainability of tools The successful candidate will have demonstrated aptitude in a quantitative field (e.g., mathematics/physics/computer science), strong proficiency in software development, and at least a strong interest in biomedical research. The candidate may be a recent college graduate or a more experienced person who may transition to a staff scientist role in the lab. Basic Qualifications Some experience with sequencing data and bioinformatics are highly desirable. Strong programming skills and attention to detail are essential. Additional Qualifications Bachelor’s degree preferred. Experience in the programming language python preferred. Ability to work well with others. Additional Information This is a term position that ends on August 15, 2020, with strong potential for renewal.  Harvard offers an outstanding benefits package including:  Time Off: 3 - 4 weeks paid vacation, paid holiday break, 12 paid sick days, 11.5 paid holidays, and 3 paid personal days per year.  Medical/Dental/Vision: We offer a variety of excellent medical plans, dental & vision plans, all coverage begins as of your start date.  Retirement: University-funded retirement plan with full vesting after 3 years of service.  Tuition Assistance Program: Competitive tuition assistance program, $40 per class at the Harvard Extension School and discounted options through participating Harvard grad schools.  Transportation: Harvard offers a 50% discounted MBTA pass as well as additional options to assist employees in their daily commute.  Wellness options: Harvard offers programs and classes at little or no cost, including stress management, massages, nutrition, meditation, and complementary health services.  Harvard access to athletic facilities, libraries, campus events and many discounts throughout metro Boston.  The Harvard Medical School is not able to provide visa sponsorship for this position. Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit - Location USA - MA - Boston Department Biomedical Informatics Time Status Full-time Union 55 - Hvd Union Cler & Tech Workers Salary Grade 054 Appointment End Date 15-Aug-2020 Pre-Employment Screening Identity Schedule 35 hrs. per week | Monday - Friday EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Oneiro|None|Design, implement and test applications built to operate with the ndau blockchain. Demonstrated proficiency in Javascript and at least one of: React, Angular, Node Experience working with CSS and HTML to craft maintainable and extensible applications Have an understanding of the principles and techniques of responsive web design Possess excellent communication and problem solving skills 2+ years of experience in software development or a related field Proven track record of successful delivery of quality products. Blockchain, crypto programming and/or DevOps experience beneficial.|
C++ Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02140|MAK Technologies (VT MAK)|$75,000 - $150,000 a year|The Company: VT MAK, also known as MAK Technologies, develops distributed simulation software that helps users link, simulate, and visualize their world. MAK’s primary users are in the aerospace, defense, and transportation industries, yet its products and services can help customers anywhere modeling and simulation is needed to train, plan, analyze, experiment, prototype, and demonstrate. MAK’s customers include the top ten defense integrators in the world along with hundreds of companies in Defense, Air Traffic Management, Command & Control and Homeland Security. MAK is dedicated to serving its customers by building flexible products, offering superior technical support, and innovating new ways to build, populate and view interoperable 3D simulated worlds. The Job: MAK is looking for Software Engineers (C++) for its Cambridge, MA headquarters who are passionate about quality work and user experience. If this is you, we would like to talk to you. Our developers work closely with their teams and product management to create simulation networking toolkits. Candidates should be able to work fluently in existing codebases and develop high-quality work on schedule. Software Engineers will work with other programmers to architect new systems, as well as enhance and refine existing systems. Qualifications: Strong object-oriented C++ experience Strong problem-solving abilities Basic knowledge of computer networking Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent related experience Strong verbal and written communication skills Familiarity with developing in both Windows and Linux Due to ITAR requirements, applicants must be “U.S. persons: ” citizens, lawful permanent residents as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20), or protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). Background in one or more of the following is a plus: Design and support of commercial C++ Software Development Kits Working knowledge of IEEE 1516 (HLA) or IEEE 1287 (DIS) a strong plus Qt-based GUI development Defense contractor or military experience We offer a casual work workspace with productivity games and complimentary beverages. Benefits include 401(k) with generous company matching, 3+ weeks of vacation, highly subsidized medical, dental, and life insurance. We are located across the street from the Alewife T station. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $75,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Experience: C++: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Cambridge, MA (Required) Work authorization: United States (Required) Application Question: Are you a "U.S. Person" as defined by ITAR requirements: U.S. citizen, U.S. lawful permanent resident as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20), or protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)? Additional Compensation: Bonuses Benefits: Health insurance Retirement plan Flexible schedule Dental insurance Vision insurance Paid time off This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply Schedule:: Monday to Friday|
Back End Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02210 (South Boston area)|Data+Math|None|Company Overview Data Plus Math is a media measurement company that helps connect advertising exposures to real-world outcomes. Powered by millions of households of cross-screen viewing data, the company's TV and video attribution platform is used by cable operators, national programming networks, agencies and marketers to measure which components of their advertising campaigns are driving results. We work with some of the largest media and entertainment companies, agencies and brands in the world to power the next generation of analytics and measurement for all of TV and video. Job Summary We are looking for a savvy Back End Engineer to join our world class engineering team. You will be responsible for building and expanding our back end infrastructure. The ideal candidate is someone who has experience building RESTful backend applications and miroservices. You will support and interface with our data engineers, architects, analysts and scientists to ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. You must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. And lastly, we want you to be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company's back end to support our next generation of products and data initiatives. Responsibilities and Duties Create and maintain Python backend. Build the infrastructure required for optimal ingestion, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS "big data" technologies. Create microservices for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our software into an innovative industry-leading product. Be a pillar of technological knowledge and lead by example in code, feature development, and documentation. Contribute and attend sprint retrospectives to help the team refine its processes and approaches. Provide documentation for solutions by developing documentation, UML diagrams, and well-structured code. Follow good object oriented design practices and SOLID design principles. Qualifications and Skills 3+ years of experience in a software engineering role Bachelor's degree or higher, preferably, with a concentration in a computational field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or other Engineering discipline. Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases Experience building back ends to web servers Experience with object-oriented/object-functional scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc. Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured data sets. Traits A desire to solve business problems with technology Great communication skills, and the ability to influence stakeholders Strong interpersonal skills and exceptional character Interest, willingness and demonstrated ability to quickly pick up new technology A self-starter who brings energy, passion, and creativity to work every day 6gZbVcjG0k|
Software Engineer, Engineering Productivity|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience in one or more of the following: test automation, refactoring code, test-driven development, build infrastructure, optimizing software, debugging, building tools and testing frameworks.  Preferred qualifications: Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective-C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Scripting skills in Python, Perl, Shell or another common language. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Lead/contribute to engineering efforts from design to implementation, solving complex technical challenges around developer and engineering productivity and velocity. Design and build advanced automated build, test, and release infrastructure. Drive adoption of best practices in code health, testing, and maintainability. Analyze and decompose complex software systems and collaborate with cross-functional teams to influence design for testability. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Research Software Engineer (Entry-level)|Cambridge, MA 02139 (Area IV area)|IBM|None|Introduction IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service.  Your Role and Responsibilities IBM Research is the innovation engine of IBM. Nearly every game-changing breakthrough in the information technology industry has its roots in an IBM Research lab. It has been a home for creative scientific minds since 1945, when Thomas J. Watson Sr. established the first corporate pure science research lab in the U.S. We are primed to define the future of technology for many years to come specifically around the world of Artificial Intelligence. We believe AI will transform the world in dramatic ways in the coming years – and our Research AI group is advancing the field through our portfolio of research and through collaboration with like-minded institutions including MIT (MIT-IBM Watson Lab) to push the boundaries of AI faster – for the benefit of industry and society. If you're interested in working with some of the world's most talented researchers to advance AI, we may have an opportunity for you!  We’re looking for a Research Software Engineer to join our AI Interaction team in Cambridge located at Kendall Square – one of the hottest technology hubs in the world. You are passionate about coding and building applications and systems that solve real-world problems. Our ambitious AI research agenda is both broad and deep, with leading edge projects in many areas such as conversational systems, process automation, data visualization, trusted or automated AI. You will interact with the brightest minds in AI and will help transform AI research ideas into scalable, robust systems. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you to do the same to us. Your proactive approach to creative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company.  Your responsibilities include: Design, build and deploy full-stack web applications and intelligent systems (your focus can be also more on frontend technologies with backend experience or vice-versa) Apply software engineering skills, design skills, and creative thinking to build cutting edge AI systems Identify and refine project requirements, solutions to potentially abstract AI challenges, and well-defined performance metrics Design and develop software as scalable architectures, components, API's and systems Translate project requirements into executable roadmaps for creating and measuring technical capability Work in high intensity, joint teams of software engineers and research scientists  081583  Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 3 years of experience coding and debugging in one or more general purpose programming languages including, but not limited to: Python, Java, Javascript, C/C++ Experience in building full-stack web applications Basic understanding of design patterns Basic understanding of software engineering Ability to transfer project requirements into robust software components and architectures  Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Experience in creating user applications with JQuery, React, or Angular Experience in HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in using Flask or Node.js Experience in backend storage technologies such as SQL and Non-SQL databases (Postgres, MongoDB etc.) Experience in web application development frameworks Experience with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks Experience analyzing large scale data from a variety of sources Design, validation, and characterization of algorithms and/or systems Experience with machine learning tools and frameworks including but not limited to: TensorFlow, PyTorch, Torch, Caffe, etc.  About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few.  Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?  Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world. What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.  Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.  About IBM IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.  Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.  Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.|
Full Stack Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Zippity|None|Hey! We’re looking for an entrepreneurial software engineer to join our growing team. Our goal is to transform the personal car ownership experience by delivering radically convenient on-demand auto maintenance, cleaning, and fueling services, all powered by a modern online platform. Zippity eliminates the hassle of wasting hours of the day waiting in a legacy auto repair shop only to be confronted by a bill that’s confusing and expensive. Instead, we bring our custom, 4-season mobile service garages to our customers’ workplaces and help them with everything from basic oil changes to complete brake repairs - all performed during the workday with no disruptions to the daily routine. Customers book online with transparent, upfront pricing, and our team provides live updates throughout each service so they always know the status of their vehicle. We’ve already serviced thousands of customers since launching in 2017, but we need your help to scale us into a national brand.  What You Might Work On The new version of our customer facing web app. Every Zippity customer begins here: creating their account, telling us about their vehicle, picking out the services they need, and scheduling a service date. We’ve come pretty far with the little app we have, but we know there’s still miles of room to improve the customer experience and optimize our booking metrics. The tablet-based frontend used by our mobile service technicians. Every Zippity technician’s day is driven by an app that provides every bit of information necessary for their success, lets them communicate with customers, and ensures every service is delivered with quality and efficiency. We need your help to buff this tool so we can grow to support thousands of technicians operating in markets all across the country. The next Zippity backend, including the REST APIs that power our internal and customer-facing apps as well as the deep workflow automations that enable hundreds of perfectly delivered services every day. Demand management and dynamic scheduling will become priorities in the next year as we continue to grow.  About You You’ve got an entrepreneurial spirit. You’re an indie hacker or have worked in a small startup before and know the mindset it takes to make a company succeed in a fast and uncertain environment. Our office is near South Station in downtown Boston, but we're very flexible with working locations. You should live somewhere that enables you to visit our office at least 2 days a week. We collaborate on Slack, GitHub, Trello, and Google Drive, and it all seems to work pretty well. You’re excited to work on frontend web apps made with React. Deep experience is great, but we’re also confident that smart people can learn new technologies quickly. When it comes to the frontend, you feel personally invested in delivering a great UX. You should enjoy getting to put on your designer hat sometimes. You’re not shy about working on our existing Python (Flask) backend. Even if Flask isn’t your thing, strength in other web-app oriented backends is also great to bring onboard.|
Javascript Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Front End Engineer I|Cambridge, MA|Audible, Inc.|None|Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in developing technical strategy, and architecting large front-end solutions. 0-4 years experience of software development and deployment of distributed multi-tier applications across web, mobile-web and apps. Front-End technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, templating languages, view frameworks [e.g., Angular.js] etc. Experience with HTTP/2, cross-platform development, frameworks such as React, and JavaScript/CSS frameworks and backend integration.  This opportunity is for a Front End Engineer I who will serve as a Front End developer for Audible’s Consumer Domains group. We are the team that is responsible to create awareness of the Audible experience and the power of listening for the Amazon customers on Amazon Retail website application and Fire/Kindle devices. We are the home for tech talent that wants to grow Audible’s market leading business and build the sites and services (APIs) across desktop and mobile devices. The team is comprised of developers who work in an agile environment and partner closely with Audible and Amazon tech teams, Product, UX and QA teams.  We are embarking on a mission to reshape the fundamental experiences and delight our customers and drive a strong engineering culture. It's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. Achieving this vision means expanding and strengthening our development process and leveraging new technologies to deliver services and web applications. We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved project.  HOW DOES AMAZON FIT IN? We're a part of Amazon: they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with Amazon's technologies, but it doesn't stop there. Audible is built on a strong foundation of Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Search, A9, Kindle, P13N, Alexa and many more. If you are excited to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment while growing your career and working on high volume services that support millions of customers worldwide, we want to hear from you.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing solutions: Envisioning, designing, creating, and supporting our solutions that operate with a high degree of operational excellence. Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that invigorates our community and inspires our peers. Adopt best practices in software engineering: design, testing, version control, documentation, build, deployment, and operations. Design and implement key initiatives and major features from the front end client down through the underlying services powering it. Participate in the full development life cycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Constantly strive to raise the bar on front-end engineering excellence and working to ensure high performance of our sites and accessibility of our content. Lead the way - staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and frameworks both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community.  Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders. Expertise in web site performance and optimization from perspective of client. Proven success in mentoring tech leads and engineers. History of delivering customer-driven software products at a high scale in a fast paced, technology first, rapid-growth company. Prior success as a strategic influencer on the direction of product design and development. Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders.|
Scala Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer, Backend|Boston, MA 02298|Plum Group|None|As a backend software engineer you will have the opportunity to join our application development team in the planning and designing of new products and features, in addition to updating and maintaining our current product lineup (https://www.plumvoice.com/products/). Your role in the application development team will involve designing back-end database architecture as well as PHP model and controller code required to support front-end requirements. Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent 3+ years experience of web application development Solid understanding of web application architecture Working knowledge of relational databases (MySQL, MariaDB, etc.) Working knowledge of PHP Strong programming fundamentals Experience with any of the following are a plus: No-SQL databases (MongoDB, CouchDB, etc.) PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel, etc.) Additional Requirements: Strong problem solving skills Ability to think logically and analytically Exceptional communication and organizational skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented team player Quick to pick up and understand new technologies Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Primary Responsibilities: Working with application development team to build, update, and maintain core applications Collaborating with application development team on new products and features Other duties as assigned Compensation Competitive salary + options + medical benefits + 401K About Us Our Work We create innovative products that help businesses manage their communications technology needs through web, SMS, and IVR (Interactive Voice Response) platforms and services. Our flexible solutions range from standard touch-tone IVR applications to specialized telephony services supporting speech recognition, speech synthesis, and outbound dialing. Our Culture We’ve been around for over a decade, but we’ve kept to our start-up roots. We’re focused on building innovative technology in a youthful, open, collaborative and supportive work environment. We stress team over hierarchy in the workplace and encourage all members of our team to take on new challenges and responsibilities. Our Character We take an intelligent, thoughtful, creative approach to everything we do. As a small, high-growth company, we need people who are smart, self-motivated, independent and hard-working with the ability to adapt to various roles, accept numerous responsibilities, and get work done without needing to be micromanaged. We seek team members with curiosity and the desire to be constantly learning. Come and join the Plum Voice team! Simply put, Plum makes business communication easier. We provide companies with the tools and technology to build applications that automate tasks over the phone. Oftentimes, a company's most important interactions with customers take place over the phone. Plum helps companies handle these calls in a fast, efficient, and consistent manner. Using a range of telephony tools like interactive voice response (IVR), call routing, messaging, and surveys. Plum allows businesses to implement automation and self-service for even the most complex processes. Using Plum technology enables businesses to provide great customer service and to balance that with the need for operational efficiency.|
Embedded Software Engineer|Newton, MA 02458|Vector Controls Inc|$110,000 - $160,000 a year|About us Located just outside Boston (Newton, MA), Vector Controls is a leading developer of marine propulsion and controls systems. Our technologies enable safe and reliable control of marine vessels under the strictest requirements, in the most severe operating and maneuvering conditions. We specialize in extreme applications that require novel concepts to meet performance goals previously unachievable. Vector Controls has a strong track record for delivering innovative products that make a difference and add substantial value on behalf of customers and end-users. Navies, coast guards and leading builders around the world trust Vector for delivering propulsion control solutions. We are a small tight-knit group with an ambitious start-up mentality and the resources of a well-established company, where an individual’s ability to work both independently and in teams is a key component of our success. At Vector Controls, personal and technical growth are strongly encouraged. We are currently seeking a motivated Embedded Software Engineer for a permanent full-time position. Job Description The candidate will be responsible for the design, development, and integration of real time embedded software utilized in maritime Propulsion Systems. Core Responsibilities Design, develop, integrate, debug, and verify high-level software and low-level firmware drivers in C and C++ Perform advanced systems engineering functions independently Prepare engineering documentation, including specifications, detailed design memoranda, test protocols, test reports, interface specifications, and technical procedures Provide in-house technical consultation in relation to existing products and ongoing product improvement Develop Visual Basic/C++ interfaces to test new and legacy systems Develop/write new tools to assist field work teams Support field operations by tracking down possible software issues reported by others Requirements A degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Electrical Engineering plus relevant industrial experience in Embedded systems, Digital Design, Electronics and Software Engineering. 3+ years’ experience preferred. A qualifying candidate must be well-versed in C/C++ and able to understand circuit-level schematics. Experience with any combination of the following skills is desired: Embedded operating systems Closed-loop control systems (e.g., PID feedback control) Industry communication protocols (e.g., CAN / J1939 / NMEA 2000, RS232, Modbus) Software analysis of algorithms Test equipment (e.g., DMMs, oscilloscopes, logic analyzers) Popular embedded microcontroller families such as the TI C2000 (e.g., TMS320), TI Hercules (e.g., TMS570), and Microchip AVR MCUs (e.g., ATMega and ATtiny) Common embedded buses (e.g. RS232, SPI, I2C, 1-Wire) and microcontroller peripherals (e.g. timers, PWM, A/D converters) Standard tools for hardware debugging (e.g., Bus Pirate, Saleae Logic Analyzer) GUI interface development for in-house testing (e.g., Visual Basic) or end-user graphical interfaces (e.g., Qt) Low-level firmware development Handy software development tools (e.g., Python, SVN, Wiki) No employment agencies or phone calls Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) software development: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Paid time off This Company Describes Its Culture as: Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply|
Cloud Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Entry Level Software Developer|Boston, MA|Atlantictranstrading|$60,000 - $70,000 a year|AtlanticTransTrading is seeking multiple entry level Software Developers to join our development team to enhance and building applications Responsibilities: · Design and Develop detail oriented software designs from requirements, working with team members. · Assist and involve in optimizing the planned improvements for our existing systems. · Work as a part of the team with the goal of developing Proof of Concepts ensuring deliverables. · Involve in supporting and deployment of the application using agile methodology. Requirements: · Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or any related field. · Strong programming knowledge on the languages like Java, C++, C# or Python. · Strong exposure on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle precisely in agile methodology. · Demonstrated written and verbal communication, problem solving, interpersonal, and time management skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Microsoft|None|DOCS Software Engineer Do you want your software to reach a billion users/devices? Do you want to write code for iOS, OSX, Android, Windows and the Web? Microsoft Office is one of the most widely used set of applications in the market today. Join a team changing the way people collaborate and get work done – on phones, tablets, web and desktops connected to the cloud. We are looking for world-class agile engineers who can innovate and elevate Office to the next level. Located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, the Office Collaboration team is bringing the next generation of collaboration experiences to a global audience. Responsibilities Your key responsibilities will include the following: Working closely with other disciplines to design, implement, unit test and deliver new features and user experiences Monitor telemetry and other KPIs to validate features in Production Define and participate in processes that enable the team to work with greater agility, release rapidly across different versions and platforms, and deliver at a high quality. Qualifications You have 2+ years of software development experience You have strong C#, C++, Java or equivalent language skills You have good communication skills and are a strong collaborator. You have a passion for building software that connects people. Preferred Qualifications: Deep passion for customers, product architecture, data analysis and technology. You strive to engineer reliable high-quality solutions. You have experience with Windows or Mac OS. Demonstrated experience in shipping high-quality products BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent in related technical experience  Microsoft’s New England Research & Development Center (NERD) NERD is a strategic global development center that attracts the region’s top talent and delivers some of Microsoft’s most strategic products and services.  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.|
New Graduate - Associate Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Carbon Black|None|Our Engineering team is moving at lightning speed on the breaking edge of technology. You’ll be pulling things apart and tinkering, building new platforms, or playing in the cloud. Here, the engineering opportunities are endless. With this fast-paced, synergetic group, you’ll be working together and across the organization to ensure customer success all while continuing to build a product that protects their dearest assets. What You’ll Do Deliver high quality code along with the rest of the dev team Analyze performance of services and optimize / refactor as needed Investigate functional problems, finding and fixing defects as needed Independently schedule and manage work items (defects, user stories, features, etc.) Design proof of concepts or working prototype for software services Ensure that software designs follow best-practices and architectural guidelines What You’ll Bring B.S. in Computer Science or similar major, graduating from an undergraduate program in May 2020 Intern experience in designing and delivering software products Strong level of expertise programming in C# / C++ / Java / Python or equivalent language Demonstrated aptitude in quickly mastering new languages and technologies Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills  VMware Company Overview: VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|Equity Trading Technology, which has responsibility for the product lifecycle across the portfolio of trading applications, is seeking a Software Engineer to support our work on an extensive range of equity trading products. We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. The role involves working in an agile team, in a highly collaborative and engaging environment and being adaptable to shifting priorities. The Team Asset Management Technology (AMT) provides worldwide technology and support to all the Investment Management, Research, Trading and Investment Operations functions. AMT is an integral partner for Asset Management to deliver innovative, scalable, industry-leading investment tools that enable Asset Management to achieve competitive advantage globally. Your role as a Software Engineer on the Equity Trading engineering team is to produce high-quality, testable and optimally deployed code for complex trading products and components. We want you to be motivated by having the autonomy to build and design great solutions amongst a high performing engineering team that will support your growth and development. We advocate for leaders at all levels and this role will be a phenomenal fit for those who demonstrate curiosity to learn. We want engineers who are brave to break things, who step up and take lead/ownership of their projects, and those that thrive on sharing knowledge. The Expertise You Have Bachelor's degree (or above) in either Engineering or Computer Science related field 2+ years’ experience as software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices 2+ years of Object Oriented development experience Exposure code in more than one programming language. Our programming stack comprises of Java, WPF, C#, Scala, JavaScript, TypeScript and PL/SQL. Our engineers work across all of them, sometimes simultaneously in a full stack mode. Knowledge of micro services and event based architectures utilizing frameworks such as Kafka. Exposure to Continuous Integration & Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) practices Exposure to test automation frameworks that support all types of testing (unit, component, integration, system etc.) executed through CI/CD pipelines. The Skills You Bring You are a strong contributor with a collaborative work style in building, designing and reviewing code. You have proven software engineering experience in any of the following Java, WPF, C#, Scala, JavaScript, TypeScript and PL/SQL. You have a testing methodology. You demonstrate a test-driven approach to developing software and can build or contribute to automated testing frameworks that can detect any anomalies in functionality, performance and integration. You have an awareness of functional programming, emerging and new technologies such as Scala / Akka / Camel and messaging frameworks such as Kafka and EMS. You have knowledge of the SCRUM / Agile development practices You have proven experience in some of the following technologies continuous integration/delivery frameworks such as Cloudbees Jenkins, uDeploy and/or Pivotal Concourse. You are able to work successfully in an environment that encourages autonomy in the work that you do. You understand best engineering practices, advocate for their adaption and continuously improve on them. You are able to clearly document design options and decisions, and present these in an organized manner to technical as well as non-technical audiences You are motivated, are a good communicator, can take initiative to tackle problems, and can make decisions based on the value of the solutions we build The Value You Deliver Shaping how our products are developed and deployed in an optimized automated CI/CD pipeline ensuring high quality Actively innovating and creatively experimenting so that we may better support business needs Collaborating and actively engaging with all team members Bringing curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task Bringing a real passion for engineering and best engineering practice  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associate for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Front End Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of work experience. Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python or Go. Experience in working with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks.  Preferred qualifications: 3 years of relevant work experience, including web application experience or skills using AJAX, HTML, CSS or JavaScript. Knowledge of user interface design. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, mobile application development, user interface design, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.  As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Build next-generation web applications with a focus on the client side. Redesign UI's, Implement new UI's, and pick up Java as necessary. Engage with back-end systems. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|PhAST|$80,000 - $120,000 a year|PhAST is a Boston-based, venture-backed AI healthcare company developing computer vision technology for ultra-rapid detection of antibiotic resistance. PhAST was founded in 2017 by an MIT PhD, and an MIT Professor of Engineering, is currently a team of 10, and aims to revolutionize infectious disease diagnostics through microfluidics, computer vision, big data and machine learning. Our platform provides clinical decision support for doctors, improves workflow in hospitals, and accelerates drug discovery for pharmaceutical companies. Job Description PhAST is seeking a talented software engineer to join the founding team and lead the design and development of its software architecture and platform. The software is central to PhAST’s all-in-one platform – a totally new concept in the field with huge impact potential! – and combines control of experimental and imaging workflows, computer vision for feature extraction from video images, analysis of large datasets with machine learning and statistical techniques, and diagnostic decision making. Responsibilities: Develop PhAST’s software platform, from its current prototype, with agile interactions with the rest of the team and ample freedom in optimal design choices, strategy to optimize computational time, and best user experience. Build approaches for near-real-time analysis of gigabytes of image data Interface with the microbiology and data science teams for software design requirements, testing and optimization. Qualifications: Education: BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 1+ years of relevant work experience in software development preferred. Proficiency in C, C++ or C#. PhAST is a rapidly growing, dynamic startup. As PhAST continues to expand and engage with leading hospitals and pharmaceutical companies, this position will have growth opportunities in product development for clinical deployment and computer vision in a challenging biomedical field. The rich interface between the computer science and the data science teams provides additional opportunities for growth, include in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Come do the best work of your life at an exciting, fast-paced startup, in a highly qualified, very interdisciplinary and driven team, in the heart of Cambridge right next to MIT, and be responsible for making a real difference in one of today’s most pressing healthcare concerns – antibiotic resistance. The position is available immediately. Salary and equity compensation will be commensurate with experience. The candidate must be legally eligible to work in the United States. If interested, please email your resume and a cover letter. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year Experience: computer sience: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: No: Not providing sponsorship for this job|
2020 Intern - Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|BOEING|None|Job Brief .Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. .Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora offers a competitive salary, housing and transportation allowance if required. Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. Finally, during your time with us, we are interested in your input on how we can continue to enhance your experience in an environment of learning and at the end of your internship, we ask you to present your work experience and lessons learned to the company. Requirements: Enrolled in an Advanced Degree program. Knowledge of basic aeronautics and aviation engineering. A strong academic record. Experience contributing to a team in a fast-paced/competitive and/or self-directed environment. Preferred Requirements: Some activity related to autonomous vehicles and robotics. Aurora’s Mission: Aurora is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. We aim to change the way we travel. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for government and commercial customers. Now as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to disrupt the future of the aerospace industry. Come change the future of the aerospace industry with Aurora Flight Sciences!|
Software Engineer (Backend)|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Zoba|$100,000 - $130,000 a year|Zoba is building the next generation of spatial analytics to improve the efficiency of cities and the lives of people that live in them. Our production-ready spatial data science platform provides automated demand forecasting and real-time operations strategies to shared mobility companies including micromobility operators and automobile OEMs across Europe and the Americas. Zoba is backed by leading investors including CRV, Founder Collective, and Mark Cuban. * With tens of millions of vehicle rides stored and growing exponentially, you will be solving the technical challenges around ingesting real-time events and processing them with computationally expensive machine learning models. * * We are currently looking for software engineers who are interested in backend systems and scalability challenges to join our growing team. You will Design and build robust APIs and microservices that automate the decision-making process of operations strategies for mobility companies Implement and optimize computationally expensive machine learning models for production usage Architect, implement, and operate highly available and scalable infrastructure to handle exponentially growing workload Collaborate with the broader team and clients to ship and refine products Keep learning about and pushing the envelope of how geospatial data can help improve the efficiencies of cities What we are looking for Strong system programming skills with a good understanding of performance tradeoffs Experience building and operating production systems using PostgreSQL Experience building and scaling event processing systems Experience using cloud infrastructure such as AWS Strong Python skills, experience with Django A bias towards action, team-first mindset and willingness to take on the challenge of an early stage startup An interest in spatial data, mobility, and making an impact on cities * * At Zoba, we view diversity as a strength and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for employees of all backgrounds. * Job Type: Full-time Salary: $100,000.00 to $130,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 2 years (Preferred) software development: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Parental leave This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.  Preferred qualifications: MS or PhD degree in engineering, computer science, or other technical related field; or equivalent practical experience Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Front End Engineer I|Cambridge, MA|Audible, Inc.|None|Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in developing technical strategy, and architecting large front-end solutions. 0-4 years experience of software development and deployment of distributed multi-tier applications across web, mobile-web and apps. Front-End technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, templating languages, view frameworks [e.g., Angular.js] etc. Experience with HTTP/2, cross-platform development, frameworks such as React, and JavaScript/CSS frameworks and backend integration.  This opportunity is for a Front End Engineer I who will serve as a Front End developer for Audible’s Consumer Domains group. We are the team that is responsible to create awareness of the Audible experience and the power of listening for the Amazon customers on Amazon Retail website application and Fire/Kindle devices. We are the home for tech talent that wants to grow Audible’s market leading business and build the sites and services (APIs) across desktop and mobile devices. The team is comprised of developers who work in an agile environment and partner closely with Audible and Amazon tech teams, Product, UX and QA teams.  We are embarking on a mission to reshape the fundamental experiences and delight our customers and drive a strong engineering culture. It's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. Achieving this vision means expanding and strengthening our development process and leveraging new technologies to deliver services and web applications. We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved project.  HOW DOES AMAZON FIT IN? We're a part of Amazon: they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with Amazon's technologies, but it doesn't stop there. Audible is built on a strong foundation of Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Search, A9, Kindle, P13N, Alexa and many more. If you are excited to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment while growing your career and working on high volume services that support millions of customers worldwide, we want to hear from you.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing solutions: Envisioning, designing, creating, and supporting our solutions that operate with a high degree of operational excellence. Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that invigorates our community and inspires our peers. Adopt best practices in software engineering: design, testing, version control, documentation, build, deployment, and operations. Design and implement key initiatives and major features from the front end client down through the underlying services powering it. Participate in the full development life cycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Constantly strive to raise the bar on front-end engineering excellence and working to ensure high performance of our sites and accessibility of our content. Lead the way - staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and frameworks both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community.  Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders. Expertise in web site performance and optimization from perspective of client. Proven success in mentoring tech leads and engineers. History of delivering customer-driven software products at a high scale in a fast paced, technology first, rapid-growth company. Prior success as a strategic influencer on the direction of product design and development. Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders.|
Senior Software Engineer, Software Infrastructure - Autonomo...|Boston, MA|Aptiv|None|Aptiv Autonomous Mobility Our real-world mobility solutions are driving us toward a safer, greener and better connected future. Aptiv is providing the “brain” and “nervous system” for vehicles that will change the face of mobility for people worldwide. Aptiv’s Autonomous Mobility team is focused on developing, and commercializing autonomous vehicles and systems that enable point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles in challenging urban driving environments. With talented teams working across the globe, from Boston to Singapore, Aptiv was the first company to deploy a commercial, point-to-point autonomous ride-hailing service based in Las Vegas, Nevada. In November 2017, Aptiv acquired autonomous vehicle software startup nuTonomy, an integral part of Aptiv’s Autonomous Mobility team. With continued research, development, and both current and future commercial deployments, we are looking for talented and passionate people to join our team. Work with leading engineers, research scientists, marketers and business development experts, all while enabling the future of mobility. At Aptiv, we believe that our mobility solutions have the power to change the world. For more information, please visit www.aptiv.com/our-journey and see ourwww.aptiv.com/careers for opportunities. We are looking to add a Senior Software Engineer to our Software Infrastructure team to continue our development of various functionalities within our autonomous vehicle platform! What’ you’ll get to work on: Work closely with various teams to (1) bring up software on embedded hardware, (2) provide infrastructure functionality for autonomous driving algorithms, (3) develop in-vehicle platform for robo-taxi service development Develop new features, optimize execution and the flow of data, work on middleware and low-level software Work with other members of the Software Infrastructure team to design and develop software for the next generation of Autonomous Mobility Platforms Work in a fast-paced work environment while communicating with employees in other locations Education and Experience we want from you: BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or Equivalent Knowledge and Work Experience 5+ years professional experience in software infrastructure or embedded projects Strong programming skills in C++, experience with Python Experience with Linux work environment, software, and toolchains Experience with programming for multi-threaded systems Experience with collecting requirements, creating software designs, and developing efficient implementations Bonus points for having experience with: Safety certification (e.g. ISO 26262, IEC 61508, EN 5012X, DO-178B/C, etc.) Fuzzing QNX buildroot docker mathematics behind robotics and sensor systems Aptiv is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.|
Software Engineer, Backend|Boston, MA 02298|Plum Group|None|As a backend software engineer you will have the opportunity to join our application development team in the planning and designing of new products and features, in addition to updating and maintaining our current product lineup (https://www.plumvoice.com/products/). Your role in the application development team will involve designing back-end database architecture as well as PHP model and controller code required to support front-end requirements. Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent 3+ years experience of web application development Solid understanding of web application architecture Working knowledge of relational databases (MySQL, MariaDB, etc.) Working knowledge of PHP Strong programming fundamentals Experience with any of the following are a plus: No-SQL databases (MongoDB, CouchDB, etc.) PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel, etc.) Additional Requirements: Strong problem solving skills Ability to think logically and analytically Exceptional communication and organizational skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented team player Quick to pick up and understand new technologies Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Primary Responsibilities: Working with application development team to build, update, and maintain core applications Collaborating with application development team on new products and features Other duties as assigned Compensation Competitive salary + options + medical benefits + 401K About Us Our Work We create innovative products that help businesses manage their communications technology needs through web, SMS, and IVR (Interactive Voice Response) platforms and services. Our flexible solutions range from standard touch-tone IVR applications to specialized telephony services supporting speech recognition, speech synthesis, and outbound dialing. Our Culture We’ve been around for over a decade, but we’ve kept to our start-up roots. We’re focused on building innovative technology in a youthful, open, collaborative and supportive work environment. We stress team over hierarchy in the workplace and encourage all members of our team to take on new challenges and responsibilities. Our Character We take an intelligent, thoughtful, creative approach to everything we do. As a small, high-growth company, we need people who are smart, self-motivated, independent and hard-working with the ability to adapt to various roles, accept numerous responsibilities, and get work done without needing to be micromanaged. We seek team members with curiosity and the desire to be constantly learning. Come and join the Plum Voice team! Simply put, Plum makes business communication easier. We provide companies with the tools and technology to build applications that automate tasks over the phone. Oftentimes, a company's most important interactions with customers take place over the phone. Plum helps companies handle these calls in a fast, efficient, and consistent manner. Using a range of telephony tools like interactive voice response (IVR), call routing, messaging, and surveys. Plum allows businesses to implement automation and self-service for even the most complex processes. Using Plum technology enables businesses to provide great customer service and to balance that with the need for operational efficiency.|
React.js Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Cloud Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Datawire|None|Our mission is to help organizations, big and small, embrace the cloud-native culture. We believe that cloud-native organizations can better help their customers and improve their businesses. We are drastically improving the way engineers and developers work with Ambassador (https://www.getambassador.io), the leading Kubernetes-native API Gateway built on Envoy Proxy. With thousands of users including Microsoft, PTC, Ticketmaster, and Cisco, the Ambassador OSS Slack channel boasts nearly 2000 members. What better way to spend your time than creating bleeding edge technology that is respected and beloved by the open source community?  We’re looking for software engineers of ALL levels who can join the Ambassador development team to push our ambitious roadmap forward. Responsibilities Develop and maintain core parts of Ambassador Build good mechanisms for external community contributions Documentation, automated tests, timely pull request reviews, etc Root causing production-related issues with other engineers Work with team members Requirements Python, C++, or Golang Interest or experience in kubernetes, docker, service mesh, envoy proxy, caching, distributed systems, or web application firewall (WAF) Plus: Experience working on a cloud software application or infrastructure Plus: Proficient in systems or network programming (e.g. you’ve worked on a compiler, proxy, or operating system) Plus: Open source development, blogging, and speaking experience|
Software Engineer - C++|Boston, MA|Amadeus IT Group SA|None|Amadeus’ purpose is to power better journeys, using the latest technologies to develop solutions for our customers. We sit at the heart of every travel journey – journeys that are personalized, rewarding and purposeful. We are one of the world’s top 10 software companies with a global team of 19,000 professionals of 145 nationalities, working across 190 countries. The future of travel has never been more exciting! With us, you won’t just be shaping your own career, you will be shaping the way the world moves. Do you want to be a part of it? Great, then join us! 1. Position Summary Amadeus is the place where the future of travel is being imagined, designed and developed. Amadeus is the leading provider of technology solutions to the worldwide travel and tourism industry. Today we are looking for highly motivated and talented professionals to join our team. You must enjoy technical challenges and be eager to design and deliver IT solutions that will impact the business, social, and human facets of the travel industry. You should have good communication skills to work with team members in other locations around the globe. As a member of the IPA (Inventory Products for the Americas) team, you will have autonomy to make decisions and organize your work while always being challenged to solve unique and interesting problems that have a real impact in the travel industry and the airlines’ operations. By leveraging NoSQL and cloud technologies, you will develop features that will process millions of flights per second and run in our datacenter and scale-up in public clouds to cope with the ever-increasing flight search demand. As software engineer, you will be responsible of: - Software design, documentation, development, implementation and unit test of software modules for new functionality and enhancements - Architecture design, innovation, technology forecasting - Performance analysis, optimization, delivery of quality software - Hardware capacity analysis (if applicable) We work in Agile and are looking for junior and experienced developers able to propose technical and functional solutions and able to look at the big picture. Key responsibilities: • Consistently deliver on time high quality code with minimal errors using existing standards and guidelines • Think and code like a designer/architect • Design, document, develop, implement and unit test software modules • Design elegant and workable software solutions, both on an application and system-wide level • Consistently meet established deadlines • Debug existing code in response to Problem Tracking Records (PTR) and Change Requests (CR) • Create and update standardized documentation • Conduct routine performance analysis in order to optimize software • Work effectively with Product Development, Technical Business Analysts, and Quality Assurance to create and develop high quality code for internal/external customers that works and is consistent with requirements documents • Perform feasibility studies, evaluate results and propose viable solutions accordingly • Evaluate and integrate technologies from other providers, where suitable • Identify hardware, software and technology platforms that need to be integrated to meet current and future business needs • Maintain timely reports on status of projects, potential technical problems and any other relevant details • Coordinate technical loads of new software releases (when applicable) • Analyze hardware capacity (when applicable) • Participate in the validation/acceptance phase of the product cycle ensuring the fine-tuning necessary to finalize the product (when applicable) 2. Job Duties Software design, documentation, development, implementation and unit test of software modules for new functionality and enhancements delivery of quality software (unit tests, regression tests, performance tests, …) Performance analysis, optimization Architecture design, innovation, technology forecasting 3. Qualifications/Experience Education Minimum requirement: BS/BA degree in computer science or related field or relevant experience Relevant work experience 1-5 years’ experience as software engineer on larger scale system Business understanding Knowledge of travel industry and/or related technologies is required Computing • Unix/Linux • Design Patterns • C++/Object Oriented languages • XML/Edifact/JSON/Protobuf • SQL/Oracle/NoSQL Databases/Cloud technologies • Webservices • Distributed environments • Python Languages English Specific knowledge Strong analytical, troubleshooting and problem solving skills, very detail oriented Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously, identify, resolve project issues quickly and effectively within a fast-paced environment Other Enjoys working with a top-notch development team with a solid track record of innovation, quality, and timely deliverables Thrives in a professional, team-empowered environment Good written and oral communication skills We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and seek to hire the best candidate regardless of age, beliefs, disability, ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation. Any duplication and display of partial or full content of our job advertisement on any support, such as brochures, websites, mail, emails, this list is not exhaustive, is strictly forbidden without prior formal Amadeus’ authorization. Recruitment agencies: Amadeus does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Amadeus employees or any other company location. Amadeus is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.|
Software Engineer|Brighton, MA 02135|ButcherBox|None|Who We Are ButcherBox is a fast-paced, rapidly-growing company headquartered in Brighton, MA. At ButcherBox, we believe in better. That’s why we deliver 100% grass-fed, grass-finished beef, free-range organic chicken, heritage-breed pork, and wild-caught Alaskan salmon directly to our members’ doors. All of our products are humanely raised or wild caught and never given antibiotics or added hormones ever. We’re working to create a world that’s better for all, and we’re inviting everyone to come along. For us, better means treating our planet with respect. It means improving the lives of animals and the livelihoods of farmers. It means never cutting corners when it comes to doing business. Ultimately, it means better meals, enjoyed together. Our team is made up of people who collaborate and support one another. We’re always looking for amazing people to join our mission!  Your Responsibilities As a member of the ButcherBox core services team, you'll be responsible for building and maintaining our internal subscription, billing, and shipping web applications. Your work will involve consuming third-party APIs, exposing data to partners (such as our distribution centers), and integrating with our customer-facing e-commerce application.  We work in two-week sprints, including daily standup meetings and bi-weekly planning and retrospective meetings. We value strong attention to detail and place a large amount of autonomy on our engineers.  Experience  2+ years experience as a software engineer working with OOP Experience with PHP or a server-side programming language such as Ruby, Java, Python, or Go Experience with Laravel or an MVC framework such as Ruby on Rails or Django Experience with MySQL or a similar relational database Understanding of object-oriented programming principles such as SOLID or DDD Bonus: A degree in Computer Science or a related field Benefits  A very supportive team, a culture of "do your job" autonomy, and access to all levels of the organization Health insurance (including medical, dental, vision) 401(k) with generous employer match Employee stock options Subsidized commuter benefits Unlimited time off policy Professional development opportunities Free box of meat each month Free gym membership We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, or disability status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Simply Business|None|Simply Business is more than our name. It's how we approach insurance: Make it clear. Make it simple. Make it affordable. By combining exceptional talent, technology, data, and knowledge, Simply Business is the go-to online insurance brokerage that protects small businesses and the entrepreneurs who work hard to build them.  We want team members who have the drive to challenge boundaries. If you’re smart and passionate about delivering brilliant customer experiences, we’d love to hear from you.  We need a Software Engineer to join us in Boston.  This role will develop customer focused products in a culture which champions Agile, cross functional teams and continuous collaboration. Key Responsibilities: Being hands-on in developing our products using best practices, appropriate tools and technologies Working with cross functional collaborative teams, helping to clarify requirements at the onset of projects and suggesting different and relevant technical approaches Highlighting areas for continuous improvement and driving their prioritization Being proactive in suggesting new tools, technologies and ways of working Our Tech Stack: Ruby/Ruby on Rails Scala MongoDB Spark Redshift Kafka Puppet AWS Docker HTML, CSS, JavaScript React A handful of things we believe in: Continuous delivery - we currently release software to production around 14 times a day on average Cross functional teams – we believe in collaboration across the whole organization and we see Tech and Business teams as one team working together on projects (in fact, we even have our business product owners writing code). Continuous innovation - we do hackathons as one example to drive experimentation with new technologies and ways of working Never chaining ourselves to a technology - using the “right tool for the job” What we are looking for: Strong programming skills in any language. We look for strong Engineers and our philosophy is that a strong Engineer is not defined by the technologies they use; therefore Ruby experience is not essential. You’ll just need to be happy to cross-over to Ruby if you join us – and we will support you with that Strong understanding of Agile Strong desire to work collaboratively with business teams. We do not divide ‘business’ and tech’ teams, we see both as one team as we are all working towards one shared goal Strong interpersonal skills to work well in our very open and friendly environment Pro-active in suggesting new tools, processes and technologies – anything which will help us continually improve! What are the benefits?  Here are some of the great benefits and perks that come from being a Simply Business employee: A salary that reflects your experience, our pay policy, and the market we’re in from your first day Group plan for medical, dental, and prescription drug coverage Short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance coverage Participation in the Company’s bonus program Participation in 401(k) plan with a 3% employer match Commuter benefits to help cut down on commuting costs 25 days of vacation time plus 10 company holidays Flexible working hours and working from home Annual company trip, regular outings, and volunteer opportunities An awesome WeWork office with cold brew coffee, beer on tap, local pop-up events, and more  As a company, we pride ourselves on inclusion in the workplace. Simply Business is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.  Want more info on working at Simply Business? Check out our careers page: https://www.simplybusiness.com/careers/|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
Full Stack Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Zippity|None|Hey! We’re looking for an entrepreneurial software engineer to join our growing team. Our goal is to transform the personal car ownership experience by delivering radically convenient on-demand auto maintenance, cleaning, and fueling services, all powered by a modern online platform. Zippity eliminates the hassle of wasting hours of the day waiting in a legacy auto repair shop only to be confronted by a bill that’s confusing and expensive. Instead, we bring our custom, 4-season mobile service garages to our customers’ workplaces and help them with everything from basic oil changes to complete brake repairs - all performed during the workday with no disruptions to the daily routine. Customers book online with transparent, upfront pricing, and our team provides live updates throughout each service so they always know the status of their vehicle. We’ve already serviced thousands of customers since launching in 2017, but we need your help to scale us into a national brand.  What You Might Work On The new version of our customer facing web app. Every Zippity customer begins here: creating their account, telling us about their vehicle, picking out the services they need, and scheduling a service date. We’ve come pretty far with the little app we have, but we know there’s still miles of room to improve the customer experience and optimize our booking metrics. The tablet-based frontend used by our mobile service technicians. Every Zippity technician’s day is driven by an app that provides every bit of information necessary for their success, lets them communicate with customers, and ensures every service is delivered with quality and efficiency. We need your help to buff this tool so we can grow to support thousands of technicians operating in markets all across the country. The next Zippity backend, including the REST APIs that power our internal and customer-facing apps as well as the deep workflow automations that enable hundreds of perfectly delivered services every day. Demand management and dynamic scheduling will become priorities in the next year as we continue to grow.  About You You’ve got an entrepreneurial spirit. You’re an indie hacker or have worked in a small startup before and know the mindset it takes to make a company succeed in a fast and uncertain environment. Our office is near South Station in downtown Boston, but we're very flexible with working locations. You should live somewhere that enables you to visit our office at least 2 days a week. We collaborate on Slack, GitHub, Trello, and Google Drive, and it all seems to work pretty well. You’re excited to work on frontend web apps made with React. Deep experience is great, but we’re also confident that smart people can learn new technologies quickly. When it comes to the frontend, you feel personally invested in delivering a great UX. You should enjoy getting to put on your designer hat sometimes. You’re not shy about working on our existing Python (Flask) backend. Even if Flask isn’t your thing, strength in other web-app oriented backends is also great to bring onboard.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Oneiro|None|Design, implement and test applications built to operate with the ndau blockchain. Demonstrated proficiency in Javascript and at least one of: React, Angular, Node Experience working with CSS and HTML to craft maintainable and extensible applications Have an understanding of the principles and techniques of responsive web design Possess excellent communication and problem solving skills 2+ years of experience in software development or a related field Proven track record of successful delivery of quality products. Blockchain, crypto programming and/or DevOps experience beneficial.|
Software Engineer 3|Boston, MA|Wayfair|None|Employer: Wayfair LLC Title: Software Engineer 3 Location: 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 / 500 Boylston Street, Suite 202, Boston, MA 02116 Duties: Define architecture and perform design and development for web-based eCommerce applications. Work with several large and complex SQL databases including Microsoft SQL server. Implement highly scalable and performant data stores by working with SOLR Cloud. Utilize PHP with MVC and React to develop software algorithms that streamline back-end business workflow and optimize and improve efficiency of internal applications. Define automated testing roadmap by writing and planning for regression, integration, and unit tests for use by junior developers. Mentor and perform code reviews for junior engineers. Requirements: Requires a Master s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Science, or a directly related field plus two (2) years of experience performing design and development using PHP, React. js, GraphQL, or SQL server. Experience must include one (1) year in each of the following (experience may be gained concurrently): Web development using PHP, JavaScript, and SQL Version control using GIT Design and development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create scalable applications Designing back-end applications using PHP Employing engineering and optimization best practices regarding front-end web standards, code maintainability, page rendering, and browser performance Developing web applications to ensure cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility Defining test plans and performing unit testing Performing SQL database development including designing queries, triggers, and stored procedures, performance tuning, and data ETL Utilizing Jenkins or Puppet to deploy application code into server environments Full-stack web programming using PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Mustache, or Handlebars Will accept a Bachelor s degree plus five (5) years of described experience. Experience may be gained before, during, or after issuance of advanced degree. Multiple positions. Submit resumes to Wayfair LLC, 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 or via https://www.wayfair.com/careers Job Code: 11294 About Us Wayfair is one of the world s largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we re reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you re looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you ll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking. No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. We re a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair and world for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That s why we re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or genetic information.|
Sr Software Engineer I|Boston, MA|Raytheon|None|Sr Software Engineer I – Senior(G08) Bring your talent and skills to Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) Kessel Run Software Engineering Team! Kessel Run is one of the very few software development organizations with the vision to “Deliver combat capability that can sense and respond to conflict in any domain, anytime, anywhere.” It will realize this vision by fulfilling its mission to continuously deliver war-winning software that warfighters love. We are seeking Software Engineers to support the Kessel Run vision… The successful candidate must be professional, a self-starter with a positive attitude, and have a willingness to learn Kessel Run program/organizational processes and procedures. Kessel Run development processes are centered on Test Driven Development (TDD) and Pair Programming with pairing performed 8 hours per day/5days a week. The candidate must be willing to fully engage the staff within this highly collaborative, knowledge sharing environment.  Key responsibilities for the qualified candidate include:  Required Experience/Skills Must have 4+ years of practical software development experience Fundamental engineering and software development skills Programming skills in Java/J2EE and/or Javascript and Agile processes development tools, Experience developing either frontend and/or the backend software and willing to learn full stack development Willing to gain experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Proficiency in Unix/Linux environment You know about TDD, continuous delivery, and automated testing Good oral and written communication skills Design, develop and deploy applications with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional team Willing to work in an environment that supports your individual growth Continuously improve your development skills to create products that give users software they love to use This position requires the ability to access systems that contain information restricted to US Citizens based on certain Federal Government contractual requirements Desired Experience/Skills Have 6+ years of practical software development experience Ability to work in a team environment using agile methods and tools Practical experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Advanced course work in software engineering Advanced course work in modern application architectures and/or methodologies Practical experience working in Agile collaborative team environments Required Education  Candidate must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s or graduate level [Masters and/or PhD] STEM technical degree in the area of Engineering [Software, Electrical], Computer Science, Math, or Physics.      This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 151537BR 151537 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02116 (South End area)|First Republic Bank|None|Description At First Republic, we care about our people. We offer extraordinary client service in private banking, private business banking and private wealth management. Founded in 1985, we believe that personal connections are everything and our success is driven by the relationships we form with our colleagues and clients. You'll always feel empowered and valued at First Republic.  Incredible teams doing exceptional work, every day Founded in 2014, Gradifi was created to ease the burden of student loan debt. We spend our days helping our members get out of debt faster, and we also make sure things are looking up for our employees. We offer competitive compensation, excellent benefits and a fast-paced, collaborative environment where you can focus on your professional development while achieving company goals.  Responsibilities Common goals, uncommon potential We're looking for a solid mid-level full-stack engineer with a focus on front-end technologies. In this position, you will work closely with architects, DevOps, QA, business users and other developers to implement features and resolve technical issues related to our product. You will also build and maintain tools and work on strategic projects. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate a passion for learning and will be an active participant in the development community.  What you'll do as a Software Engineer: Build and maintain code related to our core product. - Identify and establish expertise in an area of the codebase that provides value to the team - team members are encouraged to specialize and take ownership. Collaborate with team members to arrive at processes and standards that adhere to industry best practices. Assist with the support of the application. Leverage your experience in helping us improve the product. You could be a great fit if you have: Expertise in JavaScript: e.g. knowledge of â??generators', isomorphic JavaScript, SPA architectures. Experience with React, Node, Flux / mobx. - 2 - 5 years of contemporary experience building scale web applications in a managed language - preferably in .NET. Familiarity with â??Gang of Four' patterns. Experience working with relational databases like SQL Server and knowledge of NoSQL technologies: e.g. Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, or MongoDB.\ Knowledge of Publisher / Subscriber architectures: NServiceBus or Rebus. Experience with mobile web development. Familiarity with MSMQ or RabbitMQ. Experience with BDD or TDD. Familiarity with Moq, NUnit, Autofac, Mocha, Sinon, etc.\ Experience (and comfort) with Git.\ Developer level operations proficiency. Ability to set up a machine, knowledge of networking, familiarity with load balancers, hypervisors, CDNs, etc. - Comfortable working in an environment that uses programmable infrastructure - experience with Ruby and / or PowerShell a strong plus.\ Experience with tooling: WinDBG, Perfmon, SysInternals, Fiddler, Chrome Developer Tools, Reflector, JetBrain's suite, SQL Profiler, etc.\ Experience working with the Atlassian tools: Jenkins, Confluence, BitBucket, etc. - Practical knowledge and real world experience building secure applications - e.g. 201 CMR 17.00, ISO 27001, etc. Ecommerce experience at scale is a big plus. Knowledge of accounting would also be helpful. Job Demands: Must be able to review and analyze data reports and manuals; must be computer proficient. Must be able to communicate effectively via telephone and in person.  Qualifications Own your work and your career - apply now Are you willing to go the extra mile because you love what you do and how you can contribute as a team? Do you want the freedom to grow and the opportunity to take charge of your own career? If so, then come join us.  We want hard working team players. You'll have the independence to learn, lead and drive change. A culture of extraordinary service, empowerment and stability - that's the First Republic way.|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Software Engineer, Backend|Boston, MA 02298|Plum Group|None|As a backend software engineer you will have the opportunity to join our application development team in the planning and designing of new products and features, in addition to updating and maintaining our current product lineup (https://www.plumvoice.com/products/). Your role in the application development team will involve designing back-end database architecture as well as PHP model and controller code required to support front-end requirements. Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent 3+ years experience of web application development Solid understanding of web application architecture Working knowledge of relational databases (MySQL, MariaDB, etc.) Working knowledge of PHP Strong programming fundamentals Experience with any of the following are a plus: No-SQL databases (MongoDB, CouchDB, etc.) PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel, etc.) Additional Requirements: Strong problem solving skills Ability to think logically and analytically Exceptional communication and organizational skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented team player Quick to pick up and understand new technologies Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Primary Responsibilities: Working with application development team to build, update, and maintain core applications Collaborating with application development team on new products and features Other duties as assigned Compensation Competitive salary + options + medical benefits + 401K About Us Our Work We create innovative products that help businesses manage their communications technology needs through web, SMS, and IVR (Interactive Voice Response) platforms and services. Our flexible solutions range from standard touch-tone IVR applications to specialized telephony services supporting speech recognition, speech synthesis, and outbound dialing. Our Culture We’ve been around for over a decade, but we’ve kept to our start-up roots. We’re focused on building innovative technology in a youthful, open, collaborative and supportive work environment. We stress team over hierarchy in the workplace and encourage all members of our team to take on new challenges and responsibilities. Our Character We take an intelligent, thoughtful, creative approach to everything we do. As a small, high-growth company, we need people who are smart, self-motivated, independent and hard-working with the ability to adapt to various roles, accept numerous responsibilities, and get work done without needing to be micromanaged. We seek team members with curiosity and the desire to be constantly learning. Come and join the Plum Voice team! Simply put, Plum makes business communication easier. We provide companies with the tools and technology to build applications that automate tasks over the phone. Oftentimes, a company's most important interactions with customers take place over the phone. Plum helps companies handle these calls in a fast, efficient, and consistent manner. Using a range of telephony tools like interactive voice response (IVR), call routing, messaging, and surveys. Plum allows businesses to implement automation and self-service for even the most complex processes. Using Plum technology enables businesses to provide great customer service and to balance that with the need for operational efficiency.|
Embedded Software Engineer|Newton, MA 02458|Vector Controls Inc|$110,000 - $160,000 a year|About us Located just outside Boston (Newton, MA), Vector Controls is a leading developer of marine propulsion and controls systems. Our technologies enable safe and reliable control of marine vessels under the strictest requirements, in the most severe operating and maneuvering conditions. We specialize in extreme applications that require novel concepts to meet performance goals previously unachievable. Vector Controls has a strong track record for delivering innovative products that make a difference and add substantial value on behalf of customers and end-users. Navies, coast guards and leading builders around the world trust Vector for delivering propulsion control solutions. We are a small tight-knit group with an ambitious start-up mentality and the resources of a well-established company, where an individual’s ability to work both independently and in teams is a key component of our success. At Vector Controls, personal and technical growth are strongly encouraged. We are currently seeking a motivated Embedded Software Engineer for a permanent full-time position. Job Description The candidate will be responsible for the design, development, and integration of real time embedded software utilized in maritime Propulsion Systems. Core Responsibilities Design, develop, integrate, debug, and verify high-level software and low-level firmware drivers in C and C++ Perform advanced systems engineering functions independently Prepare engineering documentation, including specifications, detailed design memoranda, test protocols, test reports, interface specifications, and technical procedures Provide in-house technical consultation in relation to existing products and ongoing product improvement Develop Visual Basic/C++ interfaces to test new and legacy systems Develop/write new tools to assist field work teams Support field operations by tracking down possible software issues reported by others Requirements A degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Electrical Engineering plus relevant industrial experience in Embedded systems, Digital Design, Electronics and Software Engineering. 3+ years’ experience preferred. A qualifying candidate must be well-versed in C/C++ and able to understand circuit-level schematics. Experience with any combination of the following skills is desired: Embedded operating systems Closed-loop control systems (e.g., PID feedback control) Industry communication protocols (e.g., CAN / J1939 / NMEA 2000, RS232, Modbus) Software analysis of algorithms Test equipment (e.g., DMMs, oscilloscopes, logic analyzers) Popular embedded microcontroller families such as the TI C2000 (e.g., TMS320), TI Hercules (e.g., TMS570), and Microchip AVR MCUs (e.g., ATMega and ATtiny) Common embedded buses (e.g. RS232, SPI, I2C, 1-Wire) and microcontroller peripherals (e.g. timers, PWM, A/D converters) Standard tools for hardware debugging (e.g., Bus Pirate, Saleae Logic Analyzer) GUI interface development for in-house testing (e.g., Visual Basic) or end-user graphical interfaces (e.g., Qt) Low-level firmware development Handy software development tools (e.g., Python, SVN, Wiki) No employment agencies or phone calls Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) software development: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Paid time off This Company Describes Its Culture as: Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Cloud Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Front End Engineer I|Cambridge, MA|Audible, Inc.|None|Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in developing technical strategy, and architecting large front-end solutions. 0-4 years experience of software development and deployment of distributed multi-tier applications across web, mobile-web and apps. Front-End technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, templating languages, view frameworks [e.g., Angular.js] etc. Experience with HTTP/2, cross-platform development, frameworks such as React, and JavaScript/CSS frameworks and backend integration.  This opportunity is for a Front End Engineer I who will serve as a Front End developer for Audible’s Consumer Domains group. We are the team that is responsible to create awareness of the Audible experience and the power of listening for the Amazon customers on Amazon Retail website application and Fire/Kindle devices. We are the home for tech talent that wants to grow Audible’s market leading business and build the sites and services (APIs) across desktop and mobile devices. The team is comprised of developers who work in an agile environment and partner closely with Audible and Amazon tech teams, Product, UX and QA teams.  We are embarking on a mission to reshape the fundamental experiences and delight our customers and drive a strong engineering culture. It's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. Achieving this vision means expanding and strengthening our development process and leveraging new technologies to deliver services and web applications. We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved project.  HOW DOES AMAZON FIT IN? We're a part of Amazon: they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with Amazon's technologies, but it doesn't stop there. Audible is built on a strong foundation of Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Search, A9, Kindle, P13N, Alexa and many more. If you are excited to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment while growing your career and working on high volume services that support millions of customers worldwide, we want to hear from you.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing solutions: Envisioning, designing, creating, and supporting our solutions that operate with a high degree of operational excellence. Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that invigorates our community and inspires our peers. Adopt best practices in software engineering: design, testing, version control, documentation, build, deployment, and operations. Design and implement key initiatives and major features from the front end client down through the underlying services powering it. Participate in the full development life cycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Constantly strive to raise the bar on front-end engineering excellence and working to ensure high performance of our sites and accessibility of our content. Lead the way - staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and frameworks both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community.  Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders. Expertise in web site performance and optimization from perspective of client. Proven success in mentoring tech leads and engineers. History of delivering customer-driven software products at a high scale in a fast paced, technology first, rapid-growth company. Prior success as a strategic influencer on the direction of product design and development. Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders.|
Entry Level Software Developer|Boston, MA|Atlantictranstrading|$60,000 - $70,000 a year|AtlanticTransTrading is seeking multiple entry level Software Developers to join our development team to enhance and building applications Responsibilities: · Design and Develop detail oriented software designs from requirements, working with team members. · Assist and involve in optimizing the planned improvements for our existing systems. · Work as a part of the team with the goal of developing Proof of Concepts ensuring deliverables. · Involve in supporting and deployment of the application using agile methodology. Requirements: · Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or any related field. · Strong programming knowledge on the languages like Java, C++, C# or Python. · Strong exposure on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle precisely in agile methodology. · Demonstrated written and verbal communication, problem solving, interpersonal, and time management skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $60,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Microsoft|None|DOCS Software Engineer Do you want your software to reach a billion users/devices? Do you want to write code for iOS, OSX, Android, Windows and the Web? Microsoft Office is one of the most widely used set of applications in the market today. Join a team changing the way people collaborate and get work done – on phones, tablets, web and desktops connected to the cloud. We are looking for world-class agile engineers who can innovate and elevate Office to the next level. Located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, the Office Collaboration team is bringing the next generation of collaboration experiences to a global audience. Responsibilities Your key responsibilities will include the following: Working closely with other disciplines to design, implement, unit test and deliver new features and user experiences Monitor telemetry and other KPIs to validate features in Production Define and participate in processes that enable the team to work with greater agility, release rapidly across different versions and platforms, and deliver at a high quality. Qualifications You have 2+ years of software development experience You have strong C#, C++, Java or equivalent language skills You have good communication skills and are a strong collaborator. You have a passion for building software that connects people. Preferred Qualifications: Deep passion for customers, product architecture, data analysis and technology. You strive to engineer reliable high-quality solutions. You have experience with Windows or Mac OS. Demonstrated experience in shipping high-quality products BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent in related technical experience  Microsoft’s New England Research & Development Center (NERD) NERD is a strategic global development center that attracts the region’s top talent and delivers some of Microsoft’s most strategic products and services.  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.  Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.|
New Graduate - Associate Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Carbon Black|None|Our Engineering team is moving at lightning speed on the breaking edge of technology. You’ll be pulling things apart and tinkering, building new platforms, or playing in the cloud. Here, the engineering opportunities are endless. With this fast-paced, synergetic group, you’ll be working together and across the organization to ensure customer success all while continuing to build a product that protects their dearest assets. What You’ll Do Deliver high quality code along with the rest of the dev team Analyze performance of services and optimize / refactor as needed Investigate functional problems, finding and fixing defects as needed Independently schedule and manage work items (defects, user stories, features, etc.) Design proof of concepts or working prototype for software services Ensure that software designs follow best-practices and architectural guidelines What You’ll Bring B.S. in Computer Science or similar major, graduating from an undergraduate program in May 2020 Intern experience in designing and delivering software products Strong level of expertise programming in C# / C++ / Java / Python or equivalent language Demonstrated aptitude in quickly mastering new languages and technologies Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills  VMware Company Overview: VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.|
Sr Software Engineer I|Boston, MA|Raytheon|None|Sr Software Engineer I – Senior(G08) Bring your talent and skills to Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) Kessel Run Software Engineering Team! Kessel Run is one of the very few software development organizations with the vision to “Deliver combat capability that can sense and respond to conflict in any domain, anytime, anywhere.” It will realize this vision by fulfilling its mission to continuously deliver war-winning software that warfighters love. We are seeking Software Engineers to support the Kessel Run vision… The successful candidate must be professional, a self-starter with a positive attitude, and have a willingness to learn Kessel Run program/organizational processes and procedures. Kessel Run development processes are centered on Test Driven Development (TDD) and Pair Programming with pairing performed 8 hours per day/5days a week. The candidate must be willing to fully engage the staff within this highly collaborative, knowledge sharing environment.  Key responsibilities for the qualified candidate include:  Required Experience/Skills Must have 4+ years of practical software development experience Fundamental engineering and software development skills Programming skills in Java/J2EE and/or Javascript and Agile processes development tools, Experience developing either frontend and/or the backend software and willing to learn full stack development Willing to gain experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Proficiency in Unix/Linux environment You know about TDD, continuous delivery, and automated testing Good oral and written communication skills Design, develop and deploy applications with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional team Willing to work in an environment that supports your individual growth Continuously improve your development skills to create products that give users software they love to use This position requires the ability to access systems that contain information restricted to US Citizens based on certain Federal Government contractual requirements Desired Experience/Skills Have 6+ years of practical software development experience Ability to work in a team environment using agile methods and tools Practical experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Advanced course work in software engineering Advanced course work in modern application architectures and/or methodologies Practical experience working in Agile collaborative team environments Required Education  Candidate must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s or graduate level [Masters and/or PhD] STEM technical degree in the area of Engineering [Software, Electrical], Computer Science, Math, or Physics.      This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 151537BR 151537 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02116 (South End area)|First Republic Bank|None|Description At First Republic, we care about our people. We offer extraordinary client service in private banking, private business banking and private wealth management. Founded in 1985, we believe that personal connections are everything and our success is driven by the relationships we form with our colleagues and clients. You'll always feel empowered and valued at First Republic.  Incredible teams doing exceptional work, every day Founded in 2014, Gradifi was created to ease the burden of student loan debt. We spend our days helping our members get out of debt faster, and we also make sure things are looking up for our employees. We offer competitive compensation, excellent benefits and a fast-paced, collaborative environment where you can focus on your professional development while achieving company goals.  Responsibilities Common goals, uncommon potential We're looking for a solid mid-level full-stack engineer with a focus on front-end technologies. In this position, you will work closely with architects, DevOps, QA, business users and other developers to implement features and resolve technical issues related to our product. You will also build and maintain tools and work on strategic projects. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate a passion for learning and will be an active participant in the development community.  What you'll do as a Software Engineer: Build and maintain code related to our core product. - Identify and establish expertise in an area of the codebase that provides value to the team - team members are encouraged to specialize and take ownership. Collaborate with team members to arrive at processes and standards that adhere to industry best practices. Assist with the support of the application. Leverage your experience in helping us improve the product. You could be a great fit if you have: Expertise in JavaScript: e.g. knowledge of â??generators', isomorphic JavaScript, SPA architectures. Experience with React, Node, Flux / mobx. - 2 - 5 years of contemporary experience building scale web applications in a managed language - preferably in .NET. Familiarity with â??Gang of Four' patterns. Experience working with relational databases like SQL Server and knowledge of NoSQL technologies: e.g. Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, or MongoDB.\ Knowledge of Publisher / Subscriber architectures: NServiceBus or Rebus. Experience with mobile web development. Familiarity with MSMQ or RabbitMQ. Experience with BDD or TDD. Familiarity with Moq, NUnit, Autofac, Mocha, Sinon, etc.\ Experience (and comfort) with Git.\ Developer level operations proficiency. Ability to set up a machine, knowledge of networking, familiarity with load balancers, hypervisors, CDNs, etc. - Comfortable working in an environment that uses programmable infrastructure - experience with Ruby and / or PowerShell a strong plus.\ Experience with tooling: WinDBG, Perfmon, SysInternals, Fiddler, Chrome Developer Tools, Reflector, JetBrain's suite, SQL Profiler, etc.\ Experience working with the Atlassian tools: Jenkins, Confluence, BitBucket, etc. - Practical knowledge and real world experience building secure applications - e.g. 201 CMR 17.00, ISO 27001, etc. Ecommerce experience at scale is a big plus. Knowledge of accounting would also be helpful. Job Demands: Must be able to review and analyze data reports and manuals; must be computer proficient. Must be able to communicate effectively via telephone and in person.  Qualifications Own your work and your career - apply now Are you willing to go the extra mile because you love what you do and how you can contribute as a team? Do you want the freedom to grow and the opportunity to take charge of your own career? If so, then come join us.  We want hard working team players. You'll have the independence to learn, lead and drive change. A culture of extraordinary service, empowerment and stability - that's the First Republic way.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|O'Reilly Media|None|O’Reilly Media’s Platform Engineering team builds and supports O’Reilly’s premier learning service, which is used by technologists, managers, and designers around the world to hone their skills and improve their craft. We are made of many small teams that are broadly distributed across the US, featuring diverse, tightly collaborative groups of developers, designers, and product managers constantly encouraging each other to deliver work that instills pride and fulfillment. We encourage learning, knowledge sharing, growth and collaboration in all aspects. About the Job: At O’Reilly, our engineers focus on building a diverse set of features designed in collaboration with product managers, UX, and other teammates. Engineers work with product managers to refine direction and solve user problems, exchange code reviews with other team members, provide mentorship to junior engineers, and assist QA and Ops in troubleshooting product issues. Our platform uses React + Redux and modern semantic HTML and CSS. While your focus will be on the front end, our teams are cross-discipline and we encourage learning outside your area of expertise and welcome contributions to other domains such as our backend microservices built using Python & Django. About You: We are interested in people who have experience building and supporting web applications with a diverse and engaged user base. We desire candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment and with collaborators who are distributed across multiple time zones. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, humble, and always willing to do what’s best for our users. We desire developers who treat automated tests as essential and believe that code reviews are a crucial path of learning and of sharing knowledge. The people on our platform teams have taken many traditional and nontraditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love of learning. Requirements: 3+ years experience on teams building modern web applications Ability to reproduce high fidelity UX and UI using semantic HTML and modern CSS Experience writing modern JavaScript (ES6+) Strong CSS skills Demonstrate the ability to learn and grasp new concepts quickly Experience using modern web development tooling and command-line interfaces (git, npm, etc.) Knowledge of React Testing Frameworks Preferred skills: ReactJS + Redux Experience building accessible UXs and UIs Bonus skills: Node.js, Webpack, Express server Python + Django, Docker Testing frameworks or runners - Jest + Enzyme|
Software Development Engineer|Cambridge, MA|Amazon.com Services, Inc.|None|2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  Come join the team building Alexa, the service powering the wildly successful Amazon Echo! You can help us invent the future. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for the development and launch of core product features that allow Alexa to provide customers with precise answers to their questions. You’ll help build state-of-the-art solutions to interesting problems in search, question answering, and spoken language understanding. Our team uses a variety of tools including machine learning to continually make Alexa smarter. We’re working hard, having fun, making history; come join us!  We are looking for software engineers who can build innovative applications that customers love. You will have influence on our overall strategy by helping to define product features, drive the system architecture, and champion the best practices that enable a quality product.  You’re the ideal candidate if you are clearly passionate about new opportunities and have a track record of success in delivering new features. You should have a commitment to working with a diverse team as well as strong communication skills. Our team values contributions from members with a variety of technical backgrounds and experiences. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, know how to deliver, are technical and innovative, and relish the opportunity to delight customers with pioneering solutions, we want to talk to you.  Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Objective C, Python, Ruby, C#). Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability Experience with front-end web development NLP or NLU experience Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts Sharp analytical abilities and design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices  Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation|
Jr. Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02118 (South Boston area)|Freight Farms|None|About Us Not only was Freight Farms one of the first companies to emerge as an Ag Tech leader, but it was the first to build a farm inside a shipping container. Unlike a traditional farm, our plants grow vertically indoors without soil, getting their nutrition from water and light energy from powerful LEDs. The result is a system that operates independently from land, climate, and season with the power to bring local food production directly to you, no matter where you are in the world. To learn more about our newest product, The Greenery, head over to our website www.freightfarms.com **CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN BOSTON OR THE SURROUNDING AREA** Job Description We are looking for a qualified Software Engineer highly proficient in NodeJS and SQL to join the Freight Farms team. If you have experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue, and are interested in the AgTech industry, then we want to hear from you! Responsibilities Maintain, support, design and build both existing and new software while adhering to industry standards. Write well designed, testable and efficient code. Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility. Execute full lifecycle software development. Collaborate intra-departmentally to deliver new features and products. Build full-stack web applications. Design and implement ReactJS applications. Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures. Contribute to the overall development process as the Freight Farms team grows. Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering. Excellent knowledge of NodeJS and SQL. Experience developing iOS and progressive web applications. Experience with TDD/BDD. Experience with front end frameworks such as React and Vue. Highly proficient with software engineering tools such as Jira, Git and Github. Ability to document requirements and specifications. Excellent written and verbal skills. Must be able to explain limitations, both technical and time, to non-technical team members. Confidence with regards to the knowledge you possess while also acknowledging areas for improvement. Comfortable speaking up and asking questions when necessary. Attention and flexibility with designs and other options. Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes. Design Redux Integrated ReactJS applications. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Reactjs: 1 year (Required) Software Engineering: 1 year (Required) Nodejs: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule|
Web Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02114 (Back Bay-Beacon Hill area)|Humanyze|None|Humanyze has an immediate need for Web Software Engineer to join the Engineering Team in Boston. Humanyze helps companies make more informed people decisions. Born out of the MIT Media Lab, Humanyze uncovers the hidden patterns of digital and face-to-face communication to quantify the people factor in the workplace. Humanyze is committed to helping teams work better together and has the data and science to prove it. Humanyze’s world-leading People Analytics Platform delivers advanced insights and is used by top Fortune 500 companies to answer specific business questions around diversity and inclusion, collaboration and delivery, space planning, workload, teamwork and engagement, and regulatory and compliance risk. Job Description: An ideal candidate for this position is a collaborative, motivated individual with strong web development experience and a proficiency in user empathy and business need translation. The candidate will be responsible with expanding the User Interface functionality across the entirety of the Humanyze Platform based on business and user requirements. Responsibilities: Front-end solution design and development Participation at various levels of full-stack design and architecture discussions (database, APIs, services, framework selection) Ensuring code quality, troubleshooting bugs, participating in and leading code reviews Collaborate with product, customer success, and adjacent development teams Job Requirements: 2+ years of React.js development experience, modern React (16.8+) ecosystems a plus 1+ years working with Redux 2+ years experience with server API contracts, including high-level ReSTful service design and frontend-API interaction patterns Exposure to Python and a willingness to contribute to Python/Django codebases Solid coding practices including code versioning, unit tests, and documentation practices Experience working in full scale SDLC including working with QA teams and test automation techniques Strong experience with semantic HTML, SCSS, modern CSS and BIM Exposure to UX Design thought processes and design patterns Desired Skills: Node.js, Express.js, Python, Django Experience working in Agile development processes Experience creating data visualizations with D3.js Experience developing native applications, both on mobile (through either React Native or other systems) and desktop (through Electron or similar tools) C# experience a plus We Offer: Competitive salary and bonus Flexible work environment Fully paid medical dental and long-term disability insurance SIMPLE IRA matching 3 Weeks of vacation, a holiday week, and 11 other company holidays|
Software Engineer 3|Boston, MA|Wayfair|None|Employer: Wayfair LLC Title: Software Engineer 3 Location: 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 / 500 Boylston Street, Suite 202, Boston, MA 02116 Duties: Define architecture and perform design and development for web-based eCommerce applications. Work with several large and complex SQL databases including Microsoft SQL server. Implement highly scalable and performant data stores by working with SOLR Cloud. Utilize PHP with MVC and React to develop software algorithms that streamline back-end business workflow and optimize and improve efficiency of internal applications. Define automated testing roadmap by writing and planning for regression, integration, and unit tests for use by junior developers. Mentor and perform code reviews for junior engineers. Requirements: Requires a Master s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Science, or a directly related field plus two (2) years of experience performing design and development using PHP, React. js, GraphQL, or SQL server. Experience must include one (1) year in each of the following (experience may be gained concurrently): Web development using PHP, JavaScript, and SQL Version control using GIT Design and development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create scalable applications Designing back-end applications using PHP Employing engineering and optimization best practices regarding front-end web standards, code maintainability, page rendering, and browser performance Developing web applications to ensure cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility Defining test plans and performing unit testing Performing SQL database development including designing queries, triggers, and stored procedures, performance tuning, and data ETL Utilizing Jenkins or Puppet to deploy application code into server environments Full-stack web programming using PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Mustache, or Handlebars Will accept a Bachelor s degree plus five (5) years of described experience. Experience may be gained before, during, or after issuance of advanced degree. Multiple positions. Submit resumes to Wayfair LLC, 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 or via https://www.wayfair.com/careers Job Code: 11294 About Us Wayfair is one of the world s largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we re reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you re looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you ll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking. No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. We re a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair and world for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That s why we re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or genetic information.|
C# Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Python Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Fidelity Investments|None|We are looking for top engineering talent as we design, build and advance our software solutions. Well-qualified candidates have an excellent knowledge of Java, although we’re open to strong developers with experience in other languages or frameworks and a desire to learn. Our full stack engineers work across a range of client, middle tier, messaging, caching and database technologies including Java, Scala, TypeScript, JavaScript, WPF, SQL and PL/SQL. Roles involve working in a highly collaborative and engaging agile environment.  The Expertise You Have Bachelor’s degree or higher with 4+ years’ experience in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. Experience as a full stack software engineer, delivering software using agile development practices. Experience working with Java and any Java frameworks, such as Spring, Struts, and Hibernate. Exposure to coding in more than one programming language is a plus.  The Skills You Bring You use your knowledge of testing and testability to influence better software design, promote proper software engineering and bug prevention strategies, testability and security. You are passionate about customer experience, delivering solid products, and creating the best customer experience. You have a proven track record designing and building complex end-to-end systems. You are creative, energetic, assertive hands on professional who enjoys the challenges of change. You are motivated, self-directed, and results oriented with a collaborative work style in building, designing, and reviewing code.  The Value You Deliver Proven understanding for analyzing technical requirements, developing test plans, crafting, developing and execution automation. Strong technical skills and a passion for programming. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Providing automation solutions for projects from an end to end perspective. Performing reviews of development code, automation strategy and test plans. Bringing a curiosity and a questioning mind-set to work, asking always about the “why” and the “value” of an activity or task.  Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com  Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.|
Front End Engineer I|Cambridge, MA|Audible, Inc.|None|Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in developing technical strategy, and architecting large front-end solutions. 0-4 years experience of software development and deployment of distributed multi-tier applications across web, mobile-web and apps. Front-End technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, templating languages, view frameworks [e.g., Angular.js] etc. Experience with HTTP/2, cross-platform development, frameworks such as React, and JavaScript/CSS frameworks and backend integration.  This opportunity is for a Front End Engineer I who will serve as a Front End developer for Audible’s Consumer Domains group. We are the team that is responsible to create awareness of the Audible experience and the power of listening for the Amazon customers on Amazon Retail website application and Fire/Kindle devices. We are the home for tech talent that wants to grow Audible’s market leading business and build the sites and services (APIs) across desktop and mobile devices. The team is comprised of developers who work in an agile environment and partner closely with Audible and Amazon tech teams, Product, UX and QA teams.  We are embarking on a mission to reshape the fundamental experiences and delight our customers and drive a strong engineering culture. It's our responsibility to push Audible into new places; wherever our customers are listening. Achieving this vision means expanding and strengthening our development process and leveraging new technologies to deliver services and web applications. We need your help to develop and deliver on this vision. Success means we lay the foundation for continued expansion of our company without disrupting an already tremendously successful and much loved project.  HOW DOES AMAZON FIT IN? We're a part of Amazon: they are our parent company and it's a great partnership. You'll get to play with Amazon's technologies, but it doesn't stop there. Audible is built on a strong foundation of Amazon technology and you'll have insight into the inner workings of the world's leading ecommerce experience. There's a LOT to learn! Your career will benefit from working with teams like Search, A9, Kindle, P13N, Alexa and many more. If you are excited to own and solve problems, work with a creative dynamic team, fail fast in a supportive environment while growing your career and working on high volume services that support millions of customers worldwide, we want to hear from you.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Developing solutions: Envisioning, designing, creating, and supporting our solutions that operate with a high degree of operational excellence. Partner with product management to imagine, design, develop, test, and launch software that invigorates our community and inspires our peers. Adopt best practices in software engineering: design, testing, version control, documentation, build, deployment, and operations. Design and implement key initiatives and major features from the front end client down through the underlying services powering it. Participate in the full development life cycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Constantly strive to raise the bar on front-end engineering excellence and working to ensure high performance of our sites and accessibility of our content. Lead the way - staying up to date with tools, trends, technologies and frameworks both industry-wide and within Amazon and then sharing that knowledge in a meaningful way with the community.  Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders. Expertise in web site performance and optimization from perspective of client. Proven success in mentoring tech leads and engineers. History of delivering customer-driven software products at a high scale in a fast paced, technology first, rapid-growth company. Prior success as a strategic influencer on the direction of product design and development. Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams & multiple division stakeholders.|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02101|Liberty Mutual Insurance|$83,801 - $134,100 a year|We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.  As a Boston based Software Engineer on the newly formed Marketing R&D squad, you will focus on evolving consumer interactions by building seamless omni-channel solutions. This squad will increase the choice, ease, and convenience that consumers have in their communication with Liberty representatives. A driving goal is to deliver SMS as a “channel of choice” allowing for consumer-initiated and Liberty-initiated two-way texting. Emergent deliverables may include adding chatbot-based cognitive response (NLP) and new communications channels (Apple Business Chat) to the mix.  You will build the software that enables these communication channels through consumer-initiated, representative-initiated, system triggered, and recurring scheduled campaigns. We are looking to add full stack engineers versed in JavaScript (PolyGlot preferred). Experience integrating enterprise software projects is a major plus, as the team will be collaborating with many Journeys and interfacing with many products! We hope that you are familiar with the concepts Lean, Agile, XP, and Design Thinking – because they permeate our approach!  Please note, this is a range posting. Candidates will be considered for the appropriate grade level based on years of experience and qualifications.  This role might be for you if you have: Bachelor's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience. 3+ years of professional experience. Proficient in two or more programming languages and tools; knowledgeable in new and emerging technologies. Negotiation skills; oral and written communication skills. General knowledge of the following: IT concepts, strategies and methodologies. IT architectures and technical standards. General knowledge of a business function(s) and business operations. Design and development tools. General knowledge of layered systems architectures. General understanding of shared software concepts. General knowledge of architectures and technical standards. General knowledge of agile software development concepts and processes Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker. Consultative skills, including the ability to understand and assist in applying customer requirements, including drawing out unforeseen implications and making recommendations for design, the ability to define design reasoning, understanding potential impacts of design requirements. Understanding of backlog tracking, burndown metrics, and incremental delivery. Collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required.  Highly competitive applicants will have: Prior experience developing and/or architecting cloud-hosted, responsive, single page web applications using JavaScript, Java, HTML5, CSS3 High proficiency with client side JavaScript frameworks (preferably React/Redux), server side frameworks (preferably NodeJS) and NoSQL databases (preferably MongoDB) Familiarity with event-based System of Engagement architectures and integration with with APIs exposing microservices (e.g., REST, SOAP) Experience working with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Lean Startup, XP) and cross-functional teams (Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, Designers, Business Analysts) Ideally familiar with Design Thinking, Behavior and Test-Driven Development Strong leadership, communication and collaboration skills with track record of taking solution ownership Benefits: We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits  Casual work environment in Boston's beautiful Back Bay offering free refreshments, relaxed atmosphere with unique spacious common area, games and other great perks. Hackathon Events Wellness Perks Collaborative workspaces Sit/stand desks Career development, programs and classes Diversity & Inclusion programs Philanthropic giving and volunteer opportunities Commuter Benefits Adoption Assistance College Savings Plan Education reimbursement Learn more about Technology at Liberty Mutual https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF71NXAYYNI EOE Statement: Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace an environment that is free from all discrimination in the workplace, in its business, or by its vendors. Liberty Mutual values diversity and the differences and similarities of our employees. We foster a diverse and inclusive work environment that leads to better ideas, stronger teams and more innovative products and services for our customers. Learn More:|
Software Engineer, Backend|Boston, MA 02298|Plum Group|None|As a backend software engineer you will have the opportunity to join our application development team in the planning and designing of new products and features, in addition to updating and maintaining our current product lineup (https://www.plumvoice.com/products/). Your role in the application development team will involve designing back-end database architecture as well as PHP model and controller code required to support front-end requirements. Skills & Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent 3+ years experience of web application development Solid understanding of web application architecture Working knowledge of relational databases (MySQL, MariaDB, etc.) Working knowledge of PHP Strong programming fundamentals Experience with any of the following are a plus: No-SQL databases (MongoDB, CouchDB, etc.) PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel, etc.) Additional Requirements: Strong problem solving skills Ability to think logically and analytically Exceptional communication and organizational skills Self-motivated, detail-oriented team player Quick to pick up and understand new technologies Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Primary Responsibilities: Working with application development team to build, update, and maintain core applications Collaborating with application development team on new products and features Other duties as assigned Compensation Competitive salary + options + medical benefits + 401K About Us Our Work We create innovative products that help businesses manage their communications technology needs through web, SMS, and IVR (Interactive Voice Response) platforms and services. Our flexible solutions range from standard touch-tone IVR applications to specialized telephony services supporting speech recognition, speech synthesis, and outbound dialing. Our Culture We’ve been around for over a decade, but we’ve kept to our start-up roots. We’re focused on building innovative technology in a youthful, open, collaborative and supportive work environment. We stress team over hierarchy in the workplace and encourage all members of our team to take on new challenges and responsibilities. Our Character We take an intelligent, thoughtful, creative approach to everything we do. As a small, high-growth company, we need people who are smart, self-motivated, independent and hard-working with the ability to adapt to various roles, accept numerous responsibilities, and get work done without needing to be micromanaged. We seek team members with curiosity and the desire to be constantly learning. Come and join the Plum Voice team! Simply put, Plum makes business communication easier. We provide companies with the tools and technology to build applications that automate tasks over the phone. Oftentimes, a company's most important interactions with customers take place over the phone. Plum helps companies handle these calls in a fast, efficient, and consistent manner. Using a range of telephony tools like interactive voice response (IVR), call routing, messaging, and surveys. Plum allows businesses to implement automation and self-service for even the most complex processes. Using Plum technology enables businesses to provide great customer service and to balance that with the need for operational efficiency.|
Embedded Software Engineer|Newton, MA 02458|Vector Controls Inc|$110,000 - $160,000 a year|About us Located just outside Boston (Newton, MA), Vector Controls is a leading developer of marine propulsion and controls systems. Our technologies enable safe and reliable control of marine vessels under the strictest requirements, in the most severe operating and maneuvering conditions. We specialize in extreme applications that require novel concepts to meet performance goals previously unachievable. Vector Controls has a strong track record for delivering innovative products that make a difference and add substantial value on behalf of customers and end-users. Navies, coast guards and leading builders around the world trust Vector for delivering propulsion control solutions. We are a small tight-knit group with an ambitious start-up mentality and the resources of a well-established company, where an individual’s ability to work both independently and in teams is a key component of our success. At Vector Controls, personal and technical growth are strongly encouraged. We are currently seeking a motivated Embedded Software Engineer for a permanent full-time position. Job Description The candidate will be responsible for the design, development, and integration of real time embedded software utilized in maritime Propulsion Systems. Core Responsibilities Design, develop, integrate, debug, and verify high-level software and low-level firmware drivers in C and C++ Perform advanced systems engineering functions independently Prepare engineering documentation, including specifications, detailed design memoranda, test protocols, test reports, interface specifications, and technical procedures Provide in-house technical consultation in relation to existing products and ongoing product improvement Develop Visual Basic/C++ interfaces to test new and legacy systems Develop/write new tools to assist field work teams Support field operations by tracking down possible software issues reported by others Requirements A degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Electrical Engineering plus relevant industrial experience in Embedded systems, Digital Design, Electronics and Software Engineering. 3+ years’ experience preferred. A qualifying candidate must be well-versed in C/C++ and able to understand circuit-level schematics. Experience with any combination of the following skills is desired: Embedded operating systems Closed-loop control systems (e.g., PID feedback control) Industry communication protocols (e.g., CAN / J1939 / NMEA 2000, RS232, Modbus) Software analysis of algorithms Test equipment (e.g., DMMs, oscilloscopes, logic analyzers) Popular embedded microcontroller families such as the TI C2000 (e.g., TMS320), TI Hercules (e.g., TMS570), and Microchip AVR MCUs (e.g., ATMega and ATtiny) Common embedded buses (e.g. RS232, SPI, I2C, 1-Wire) and microcontroller peripherals (e.g. timers, PWM, A/D converters) Standard tools for hardware debugging (e.g., Bus Pirate, Saleae Logic Analyzer) GUI interface development for in-house testing (e.g., Visual Basic) or end-user graphical interfaces (e.g., Qt) Low-level firmware development Handy software development tools (e.g., Python, SVN, Wiki) No employment agencies or phone calls Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: $110,000.00 to $160,000.00 /year Experience: relevant: 3 years (Preferred) software development: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Work authorization: United States (Required) Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Paid time off This Company Describes Its Culture as: Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes This Job Is: A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply|
Cloud Engineer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA|O'Reilly Media|None|O’Reilly Media’s Platform Engineering team builds and supports O’Reilly’s premier learning service, which is used by technologists, managers, and designers around the world to hone their skills and improve their craft. We are made of many small teams that are broadly distributed across the US, featuring diverse, tightly collaborative groups of developers, designers, and product managers constantly encouraging each other to deliver work that instills pride and fulfillment. We encourage learning, knowledge sharing, growth and collaboration in all aspects. About the Job: At O’Reilly, our engineers focus on building a diverse set of features designed in collaboration with product managers, UX, and other teammates. Engineers work with product managers to refine direction and solve user problems, exchange code reviews with other team members, provide mentorship to junior engineers, and assist QA and Ops in troubleshooting product issues. Our platform uses React + Redux and modern semantic HTML and CSS. While your focus will be on the front end, our teams are cross-discipline and we encourage learning outside your area of expertise and welcome contributions to other domains such as our backend microservices built using Python & Django. About You: We are interested in people who have experience building and supporting web applications with a diverse and engaged user base. We desire candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment and with collaborators who are distributed across multiple time zones. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, humble, and always willing to do what’s best for our users. We desire developers who treat automated tests as essential and believe that code reviews are a crucial path of learning and of sharing knowledge. The people on our platform teams have taken many traditional and nontraditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love of learning. Requirements: 3+ years experience on teams building modern web applications Ability to reproduce high fidelity UX and UI using semantic HTML and modern CSS Experience writing modern JavaScript (ES6+) Strong CSS skills Demonstrate the ability to learn and grasp new concepts quickly Experience using modern web development tooling and command-line interfaces (git, npm, etc.) Knowledge of React Testing Frameworks Preferred skills: ReactJS + Redux Experience building accessible UXs and UIs Bonus skills: Node.js, Webpack, Express server Python + Django, Docker Testing frameworks or runners - Jest + Enzyme|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|PhAST|$80,000 - $120,000 a year|PhAST is a Boston-based, venture-backed AI healthcare company developing computer vision technology for ultra-rapid detection of antibiotic resistance. PhAST was founded in 2017 by an MIT PhD, and an MIT Professor of Engineering, is currently a team of 10, and aims to revolutionize infectious disease diagnostics through microfluidics, computer vision, big data and machine learning. Our platform provides clinical decision support for doctors, improves workflow in hospitals, and accelerates drug discovery for pharmaceutical companies. Job Description PhAST is seeking a talented software engineer to join the founding team and lead the design and development of its software architecture and platform. The software is central to PhAST’s all-in-one platform – a totally new concept in the field with huge impact potential! – and combines control of experimental and imaging workflows, computer vision for feature extraction from video images, analysis of large datasets with machine learning and statistical techniques, and diagnostic decision making. Responsibilities: Develop PhAST’s software platform, from its current prototype, with agile interactions with the rest of the team and ample freedom in optimal design choices, strategy to optimize computational time, and best user experience. Build approaches for near-real-time analysis of gigabytes of image data Interface with the microbiology and data science teams for software design requirements, testing and optimization. Qualifications: Education: BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 1+ years of relevant work experience in software development preferred. Proficiency in C, C++ or C#. PhAST is a rapidly growing, dynamic startup. As PhAST continues to expand and engage with leading hospitals and pharmaceutical companies, this position will have growth opportunities in product development for clinical deployment and computer vision in a challenging biomedical field. The rich interface between the computer science and the data science teams provides additional opportunities for growth, include in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Come do the best work of your life at an exciting, fast-paced startup, in a highly qualified, very interdisciplinary and driven team, in the heart of Cambridge right next to MIT, and be responsible for making a real difference in one of today’s most pressing healthcare concerns – antibiotic resistance. The position is available immediately. Salary and equity compensation will be commensurate with experience. The candidate must be legally eligible to work in the United States. If interested, please email your resume and a cover letter. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year Experience: computer sience: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Additional Compensation: Other forms Work Location: One location Benefits: Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Retirement plan Paid time off Flexible schedule Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: No: Not providing sponsorship for this job|
Entry Level Java Developer|Boston, MA|Dataquest Corp|$60,000 - $75,000 a year|Entry-Level Software Developers are in demand across USA You'll be matched and deployed to a development team in a strategic business, based on your offered location and fit. AZ - Tuscon, Phoenix CA - Almaden, Costa Mesa, Emeryville, Foster City, San Francisco, San Jose CO - Denver GA - Atlanta, Brookhaven, Sandy Springs IL - Chicago MA - Cambridge, Littleton MN - Rochester NC - Raleigh-Durham NY - New York City, North Castle/Armonk, Poughkeepsie, Yorktown Heights, Endicott OH - Dublin OR - Hillsborogh PA - Blue Bell, Pittsbur TX - Austin, Dallas, Irving, Houston VT - Essex Junction WI - Hartland Opportunities in these locations will vary based on business demand. What You’ll Do: · You’ll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. · You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking and Agile methodologies to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. · You’ll work with a variety of relational databases (SQL, Postgres, DB2, MongoDB), operating systems (Linux, Windows, iOS, Android), and modern UI frameworks (Backbone.js, AngularJS, React, Ember.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, and JQuery). Who You Are: · You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. · You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. · You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. · You have a basic understanding of software development and programming in a language .Net ,Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python. Required Technical and Professional Expertise · Must have basic knowledge in one of the following technology areas: .Net,Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python Preferred Tech and Prof Experience · Willing to travel up to 10% · Bachelors or Masters Degree Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Internship, Contract, Commission Salary: $60,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year Experience: Java: 1 year (Preferred) Education: High school or equivalent (Preferred) Schedule:: Overtime|
Full Stack Software Engineer|Boston, MA|Zippity|None|Hey! We’re looking for an entrepreneurial software engineer to join our growing team. Our goal is to transform the personal car ownership experience by delivering radically convenient on-demand auto maintenance, cleaning, and fueling services, all powered by a modern online platform. Zippity eliminates the hassle of wasting hours of the day waiting in a legacy auto repair shop only to be confronted by a bill that’s confusing and expensive. Instead, we bring our custom, 4-season mobile service garages to our customers’ workplaces and help them with everything from basic oil changes to complete brake repairs - all performed during the workday with no disruptions to the daily routine. Customers book online with transparent, upfront pricing, and our team provides live updates throughout each service so they always know the status of their vehicle. We’ve already serviced thousands of customers since launching in 2017, but we need your help to scale us into a national brand.  What You Might Work On The new version of our customer facing web app. Every Zippity customer begins here: creating their account, telling us about their vehicle, picking out the services they need, and scheduling a service date. We’ve come pretty far with the little app we have, but we know there’s still miles of room to improve the customer experience and optimize our booking metrics. The tablet-based frontend used by our mobile service technicians. Every Zippity technician’s day is driven by an app that provides every bit of information necessary for their success, lets them communicate with customers, and ensures every service is delivered with quality and efficiency. We need your help to buff this tool so we can grow to support thousands of technicians operating in markets all across the country. The next Zippity backend, including the REST APIs that power our internal and customer-facing apps as well as the deep workflow automations that enable hundreds of perfectly delivered services every day. Demand management and dynamic scheduling will become priorities in the next year as we continue to grow.  About You You’ve got an entrepreneurial spirit. You’re an indie hacker or have worked in a small startup before and know the mindset it takes to make a company succeed in a fast and uncertain environment. Our office is near South Station in downtown Boston, but we're very flexible with working locations. You should live somewhere that enables you to visit our office at least 2 days a week. We collaborate on Slack, GitHub, Trello, and Google Drive, and it all seems to work pretty well. You’re excited to work on frontend web apps made with React. Deep experience is great, but we’re also confident that smart people can learn new technologies quickly. When it comes to the frontend, you feel personally invested in delivering a great UX. You should enjoy getting to put on your designer hat sometimes. You’re not shy about working on our existing Python (Flask) backend. Even if Flask isn’t your thing, strength in other web-app oriented backends is also great to bring onboard.|
Software Engineer 3|Boston, MA|Wayfair|None|Employer: Wayfair LLC Title: Software Engineer 3 Location: 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 / 500 Boylston Street, Suite 202, Boston, MA 02116 Duties: Define architecture and perform design and development for web-based eCommerce applications. Work with several large and complex SQL databases including Microsoft SQL server. Implement highly scalable and performant data stores by working with SOLR Cloud. Utilize PHP with MVC and React to develop software algorithms that streamline back-end business workflow and optimize and improve efficiency of internal applications. Define automated testing roadmap by writing and planning for regression, integration, and unit tests for use by junior developers. Mentor and perform code reviews for junior engineers. Requirements: Requires a Master s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Science, or a directly related field plus two (2) years of experience performing design and development using PHP, React. js, GraphQL, or SQL server. Experience must include one (1) year in each of the following (experience may be gained concurrently): Web development using PHP, JavaScript, and SQL Version control using GIT Design and development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create scalable applications Designing back-end applications using PHP Employing engineering and optimization best practices regarding front-end web standards, code maintainability, page rendering, and browser performance Developing web applications to ensure cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility Defining test plans and performing unit testing Performing SQL database development including designing queries, triggers, and stored procedures, performance tuning, and data ETL Utilizing Jenkins or Puppet to deploy application code into server environments Full-stack web programming using PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Mustache, or Handlebars Will accept a Bachelor s degree plus five (5) years of described experience. Experience may be gained before, during, or after issuance of advanced degree. Multiple positions. Submit resumes to Wayfair LLC, 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 or via https://www.wayfair.com/careers Job Code: 11294 About Us Wayfair is one of the world s largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we re reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you re looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you ll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking. No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. We re a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair and world for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That s why we re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or genetic information.|
Software Engineer II|Boston, MA|Raytheon|None|Software Engineer II Bring your talent and skills to Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) Kessel Run Software Engineering Team! Kessel Run is one of the very few software development organizations with the vision to “Deliver combat capability that can sense and respond to conflict in any domain, anytime, anywhere.” It will realize this vision by fulfilling its mission to continuously deliver war-winning software that warfighters love. We are seeking Software Engineers to support the Kessel Run vision… The successful candidate must be professional, a self-starter with a positive attitude, and have a willingness to learn Kessel Run program/organizational processes and procedures. Kessel Run development processes are centered on Test Driven Development (TDD) and Pair Programming with pairing performed 8 hours per day/5days a week. The candidate must be willing to fully engage the staff within this highly collaborative, knowledge sharing environment.  Key responsibilities for the qualified candidate include: Required Experience/Skills Must have 2+ years of practical software development experience Fundamental engineering and software development skills Programming skills in Java/J2EE and/or JavaScript and Agile processes development tools, Experience developing either frontend and/or the backend software and willing to learn full stack development Willing to gain experience with Spring Boot, React.JS, and Redux Proficiency in Unix/Linux environment Knowledge of TDD, continuous delivery, and automated testing Good oral and written communication skills Design, develop and deploy applications with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional team Willing to work in an environment that supports your individual growth Continuously improve your development skills to create products that give users software they love to use This position requires the ability to access systems that contain information restricted to US Citizens based on certain Federal Government contractual requirements Desired Experience/Skills Have 4+ years of practical software development experience Ability to work in a team environment using agile methods and tools Practical experience with Spring Boot, React.JS , and Redux Advanced course work in software engineering Advanced course work in modern application architectures and/or methodologies Practical experience working in Agile collaborative team environments Required Education  Candidate must have graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelors or Graduate level [Masters and/or PhD] STEM technical degree in the area of Engineering [Software, Electrical], Computer Science, Math, or Physics.       This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 151538BR 151538 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.|
Entry Level Software Developer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|InterSystems Corporation|None|Overview InterSystems is the power behind some of the world’s most important applications. With a passion for excellence and a focus on client success, InterSystems provides data management, strategic interoperability, and analytics platforms used in healthcare, financial services, government, and other industries.  We have a wide variety of products and opportunities available to entry level applicants, so the Technical Career Development Program (TCDP) was created as a way to provide recent graduates the opportunity to experience multiple technical roles within our company before committing to a team long-term.  The TCDP will prepare you for successful integration into InterSystems' elite technical teams through structured training, personalized mentorship, and frequent collaboration with cross-functional groups. Immerse yourself in our technologies and find the team that is right for you! Responsibilities Program Structure: Begin the program with an accelerated training in our Database Platform, HealthShare and TrakCare products. Match with a six-week project and mentor Present your project solutions to a team of VP's, managers and mentors Expand your knowledge to another segment of our technologies with a second project in a different area of the company Embark on your InterSystems career by joining a team that aligns with the skills and interests you discovered during your TCDP experience Participating teams include (software development, quality development, product support, implementation, release, and sales engineering) Qualifications Currently graduating from a Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD program (Dec. 2019-June 2020) Interdisciplinary academic work in Computer Science, Physics, Math or STEM preferred Proven prior coding experience in any language, including: Java, C++, C#, JavaScript, AngularJS, JSON, Python, or similar Demonstrated initiative through academic excellence, extracurricular or work experiences Technical Curiosity Creativity towards complex technical challenges Collaborative team mindset Flexible demeanor in an ever-changing work environment Initiative to build a technical foundation for a career that matters About InterSystems InterSystems is an innovative software company offering advanced technologies for data management, integration, and analytics seen in healthcare, financial services, and other industries that require the highest reliability and performance. More than two-thirds of the U.S. population is served by InterSystems-based healthcare technology and all of the U.S. News and World Report Honor Roll hospitals use InterSystems technologies. We are currently hiring for opportunities at our global headquarters located in the tech-hub of New England – Kendall Square!|
2020 Intern - Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA|BOEING|None|Job Brief .Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. .Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing NeXt Company, is seeking qualified Undergraduate Engineering Interns to actively participate in real-world assignments, help solve challenging problems and contribute to the development of the next-generation of autonomous aircrafts. Aurora offers a competitive salary, housing and transportation allowance if required. Our mentors and team members guide you through your work, help you integrate in our culture of collaboration and further develop and gain new skills. Finally, during your time with us, we are interested in your input on how we can continue to enhance your experience in an environment of learning and at the end of your internship, we ask you to present your work experience and lessons learned to the company. Requirements: Enrolled in an Advanced Degree program. Knowledge of basic aeronautics and aviation engineering. A strong academic record. Experience contributing to a team in a fast-paced/competitive and/or self-directed environment. Preferred Requirements: Some activity related to autonomous vehicles and robotics. Aurora’s Mission: Aurora is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. We aim to change the way we travel. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for government and commercial customers. Now as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to disrupt the future of the aerospace industry. Come change the future of the aerospace industry with Aurora Flight Sciences!|
Software Engineer|Boston, MA 02110 (Central area)|Income Research + Management|None|Job Description: Income Research + Management seeks a highly motivated and team-oriented individual with experience in software engineering to join our Development team. This position’s main responsibilities include: building out our automated testing suite, building web front-end tools using Angular, contributing to the middle layer of a service oriented architecture, and automating and optimizing our software development processes. In addition, this position will help support and improve our core system data flows and procedures. The successful candidate will have experience working in teams, and working with non-technical customers. Familarity with all aspects of software delivery, from requirements gathering to code developement, testing, and production deployment is expected. A percentage of time will be allocated to support production systems. Experience and/or an interest in the financial services industry is a plus. Summary of essential job functions Develop unit, regression, and UI tests as part of an automated test suite Develop web front-end tools Build out an API middle layer according to specifications provided by senior members of the technology team Automate and optimize aspects of our software delivery process Provide operational and production support to business users Seek structural solutions to resolve recurring issues Work with development team and across technology to implement production fixes and enhancements Work in project teams to deliver projects successfully Key Competencies Object oriented programming, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Visual Studio Experience with automated testing tools (eg Selenium, etc) Familiarity with .NET Core Experience with Angular Experience with Microsoft Team Foundation Server, Git, or another version control system Experience with Azure, Azure DevOps, or another cloud service provider. Experience working with a team, either in a corporate environment or in a collaborative project environment at school Desire to learn and willingness to wear many different hats in a fast-paced team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently Technical writing Creativity and curiosity in problem solving Requirements 3+ years of experience in development with SQL Server or other RDBMS 3+ years of experience with production support, including optimization of existing systems Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio 2013/17 and Team Foundation Server Experience with C# / .Net framework Experience with Angular, React, or pure Javascript programming Experience with Selenium or other automation framework. Familiarity with software development lifecycle methodology (Agile/Scrum, Waterfall) Experience with Microsoft Azure / Azure DevOps Experience with Microsoft Stack including Excel, VBA, PowerPivot, SharePoint, and SQL Server Experience with ETL (Extract, transform, and load) processes and tools Bachelor’s degree|
Software Engineer|Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)|Google|None|Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.  Preferred qualifications: MS or PhD degree in engineering, computer science, or other technical related field; or equivalent practical experience Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.|
Software Engineer - Precision Medicine|Cambridge, MA 02140|Boston Lighthouse Innovations|None|Boston Lighthouse Innovations is a spin-out of the Massachusetts General Hospital. We are backed by one largest investment banks in the world as part of a global precision medicine project. We are poised for a period of rapid growth and it is a great time to join our team.  Boston Lighthouse Innovations builds innovative software for precision medicine diagnostics. We are one of the first solutions developing machine learning models used in everyday clinical practice. You will work closely with a cross-disciplinary team of clinicians, pathologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and software engineers to build big-data integration systems and decision support tools. As part of our team, you will develop innovative, data-driven solutions which directly impact patient care. We use version control, conduct code reviews, practice unit testing/ci testing, and use the latest open-source libraries and tools.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Systems and application development  Data exploration and visualization  Architecture planning and design  SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Significant experience in computer programming (Python, Java, C++ or eq.)  o Knowledge of OOP, Data Structures, Search Algorithms  Experience with unit testing/ci testing, code refactoring, version control (GIT), & release techniques  Familiarity with Linux & Bash  Familiarity with Docker, HELM + Kubernetes  Familiarity with REST APIs (GraphQL a plus)  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB) & NoSQL DBs (MongoDB)  Experience with HTML5 & JavaScript (ES6), Familiarity with React, Redux, D3.js, Jest, NPM + Webpack  Experience with Azure a plus  AbAbility to work in a highly collaborative and intellectually challenging environment, Excellent oral and written communication skills required.  QUALIFICATIONS / APPLICATION:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physical sciences, or similar  Authorized to work in the U.S.  Please submit a single formatted word processing document including cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Recent graduates MUST include GPA  WORK CONDITIONS: Our offices are located at Cambridge (Alewife) MA. Working remote is permitted 1 day per week.  For more information: www.bostonlighthouse.us  Boston Lighthouse provides competitive benefits, health insurance, and 401K plan and is an equal opportunity employer.|
Software Developer|Boston, MA|Seen by Indeed|None|Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects qualified job-seekers (that's you) with top companies hiring tech roles. With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen.  How Seen Works We find out what's important to you and match you with your dream job Get started – Complete a 5-minute application to be considered for roles at hundreds of leading companies Get matched – Companies apply to you with opportunities that reflect your role, location and salary specifications Get career coaching – Level up with free 1:1 coaching, our team will make sure you're ready to tackle any interview Get your dream job  Skills and Requirements We look for top tech talent to join the Seen platform. Each candidate is reviewed on the following to make sure you're a good fit for our network  In Demand Skills From strong communication skills to experience with the latest technologies, you have what employers are looking for  Stand Out Qualities You bring unique qualities and traits that stand out and make an impact  Change ready You are ready for a career changes and will be responsive to employers who reach out with job opportunities  Get matched with top tech companies on Seen!|
